The judges accepted that evidence of a written claim to asylum in France was sufficient proof that they had initially sought safety there .                                                 
We ' ve seen that when we throw the full force of what we have , we can handle a storm like this .                                                 
I ' d rather you were the one that got away , and still have you in my life as a friend than lose you completely .                                           
But Paul , like Trump , insisted he wasn ' t raising the issue and that it ' s the Democrats who will make it a problem if Cruz is the nominee .                               
The committee weren ' t very happy about doing that every four years , so they [ Canberra ] could do that show .                                                 
" We are the only advanced country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months ," Obama said .                                                   
You left everything to be there with me and I couldn ' t have made it to this point without you .                                                     
This is on my morning running route and just a few weeks ago there there was a collection of flowers outside the embassy .                                                 
It wasn ' t supposed to be this way ; and in truth it probably shouldn ' t have ended up this way , either .                                             
But he denied any of it took place in front of her friend , who he said later came into the bedroom to see the 13 - year - old perform a sex act .                           
She points out that people can find it later online , and that if it didn ' t have " the life in the American theatre that I wish ," that ' s not the end of the story .                 
If it happens and it comes along , then great , but I ' m not going to go searching for it .                                                   
The Wisconsin man spent 18 years in prison for a sexual assault that DNA evidence later proved he did not commit .                                                     
The petition also includes a list of rallies for supporters to join across Australia on February 20 via public Facebook groups .                                                     
But we need to do it well and provide the opportunity for students to move from course to course , from term to term and from year to year to complete their programs .                             
It took a while to win back their trust and there will be some who don ' t want to deal with us .                                                 
According to the campaign , the letter was her idea , and when the campaign fact - checked the statistics she used about his record , they found them all to be accurate .                             
The people on the buses are all real people on the bus who weren ' t aware we were going to be filming .                                                 
The couple made their way through the crowds following a church service and stopped to shake hands with locals on their way .                                                   
" I have heard many accusations of massive fraud but I have not seen those making the accusations come forward with proof ," he said .                                             
Before you rush out to beat the deadline , consider that you might be better off paying full price for the phone .                                                   
Thompson also suggests you might want to " reach out to him to give him some direction about what you ' d like to talk to him about " rather than tell him what you don ' t want to talk about .           
The guards told us that the armed men inside were not taking visitors at present but would be happy to come out and meet the media face to face in the morning .                               
Since then , they - and other international agencies - have not been able to get access despite repeated requests to the opposition and the government .                                           
The two companies worked together before sanctions and the project will produce 100 , 000 vehicles a year starting in late 2017 .                                                   
He admits to being a show - off as a child , so his parents tried to channel that attention - seeking streak into activities like acting and singing .                                     
She added that police had been investigating them for more than a year but had found no evidence he had done anything wrong .                                                 
I am meant to take it a lot easier after the surgery I have had but unless I cannot move I will keep going .                                               
This isn ' t the first time a foreign militant organisation has established a base in the mountains of eastern Afghanistan .                                                     
While all political parties condemned the attack , there were no demands that the government call off talks with Pakistan .                                                       
I hear the course in Cardiff is very fast and it may take a personal best to win the race but I ' m up for the challenge .                                       
Russell Brown , a journalist from New Zealand , caught the moment they appeared in television coverage and posted it on Twitter .                                                   
They agreed to pay an £ 800 fee for transport and employment , even though it is illegal to charge workers for finding work in the UK .                                         
This is a good moment and period , but we need more time to develop all that , and to deliver it .                                                   
Obama recently directed staff at the White House to look into potential executive actions , such as expanding background checks .                                                       
When they succeed , audiences are looking at the right place , though without seeing , because their attention is engaged elsewhere .                                                   
14 , when it revealed that for the second consecutive year , not a single person of color was nominated for an acting prize .                                               
The statement was released as the British foreign secretary , Philip Hammond , is in Beijing on a two - day official visit .                                                 
The FA declined to comment on whether it would like to see similar restrictions on players from within the EU , which could only come about if Britain left .                                     
I really didn ' t realise how much I was going to play in that Detroit game , so that was huge and gave me a lot of confidence and being out there for a long period .                     
I ' ve got a guy I can really scheme with , the rest of the guys can kind of fall in line from that .                                             
I would say to these people who ' ve written these things , never , ever , ever shame a victim as you have no idea how deeply it affects their lives already .                             
Sir Robert said the British government had not provided any evidence on the question in the " open " part of the inquiry - but had not denied it , either .                                 
They particularly want to see " funny " content on YouTube , but about a third watch " how - to " videos , including how to play computer games .                                   
At the age of 12 he joined the Young Communist League where he met many of the future leaders of the Communist party , and at 17 he left school to work full - time campaigning for Indian political rights .               
When this happens they have to get out and check to ensure everybody has got on or off their train safely before they can move .                                             
Our overall aim is to raise standards everywhere , but to raise them most quickly , in the areas that most need it .                                                 
He added : " What I can say about here is very positive - it ' s a great country , great people , the food is much better than everybody said .                                 
Still , the seven employees were killed - and more than two dozen injured - while taking a bus to work .                                                     
The Manchester United manager did not quite do that , though he did try to claim some of the criticism was unfair .                                                   
The White House says Obama praised Merkel ' s leadership on the Syrian refugee crisis and discussed plans to ask more countries to step up their contributions .                                         
" The first time I stood on the stage and was paid for it was here - when I was 17 ," she said .                                               
It ' s vital that all countries across Europe , including Britain , step forward and offer to help the desperate refugees arriving in Europe find safety .                                         
She said : " While research into cancer is vital , we must also continue to invest in the treatment for those with the condition .                                               
" The road is always dangerous in poor weather , our advice is if you know the road is going to be bad due to the weather leave extra time for your journey or seek an alternative route ," he said .             
With this latest death , officials expanded the largest auto safety recall in history , adding 5 million more vehicles .                                                       
The idea behind the project has been widely praised , but some teachers are concerned they will no longer have enough time to do it justice this school year .                                     
This government , while it promised a tax white paper in the first two years , hasn ' t delivered and now seems to be holding off tax reform until right up to the election .                         
Well , the Prime Minister needs to demonstrate that he takes the issues seriously , that it ' s more than just rhetoric .                                                 
Since its economic reforms in the 1980s , China has attracted significant foreign investment , thanks in large part to its low wages .                                                 
" If it hadn ' t been for the deaths , we probably wouldn ' t have noticed ," she said .                                                     
Bush backed Rubio ' s previous attempt at an immigration compromise , but then accused the senator of having cut and run .                                                   
Ms Smith said she had a " prior commitment " on the date the committee next sits , 2 February , and was thus unable to attend .                                         
We can improve ( the squad ), yes , and if we find the right player , then OK , but if not , I am very happy with the squad that we have .                           
While the first match will happen , the latter is not confirmed by any means but imagine if it did .                                                       
He said : " I think about what happened when I had the injury to my neck and when I was put at home .                                                 
" I ' ve played some of the best football in my life [ this season ], the difference is in Belgium I played well and scored goals ," he said this week .                             
Sanders said foreign policy also was a key part of his discussion with the President on Wednesday at the White House .                                                     
More than 60 % of Japan ' s , South Korea ' s and Taiwan ' s energy supplies come along this route .                                                 
Only two or three parents came forward to give evidence to the serious case review and fewer than 10 teachers , the Guardian understands .                                               
Whether it is electricity assets or government property , they are happy to accept the short - term gain and ignore the long term pain .                                             
She criticised the previous Labour administration ' s approach to flood defence spending and insisted a long - term plan is now in place .                                               
" I just haven ' t been able to land somebody and put them in a clinic ," he said .                                                       
John Duncan , who campaigns to preserve the memory of those who died in war , also urged Channel 5 to pull the series .                                               
These are important events , so how do Guardian journalists attempt to focus on the news report rather than the propaganda ?                                                     
" If you want to be all things to all men - and all women - it ' s going to be an impossible task ," he says .                                       
The union had planned to carry out one emergency care - only day followed by two all - out strikes , the first in the history of the NHS .                                     
The authority says passengers should contact their airline directly for specific flight information and to re - book any flights if necessary .                                                   
That said , I do jump every time I get a phone call just in case it is news about the baby .                                                   
Any selected mission will cost approximately $ 500 million , not including launch vehicle funding or the cost of post - launch operations .                                                 
In August , I wrote an article for the Guardian ' s " A book that changed me " series .                                                       
After that lift , his coach , Ray Jones , said a lot of people didn ' t believe the reports .                                                     
On any given day , the No . 100 tennis player in the world can beat the No . 1 ... but they can ' t do it consistently .                                     
So overnight I changed from being a movie star , where you get the girl , to being a movie actor , where you get the parts and the characters .                                   
She said she really believes I can be a role model , which is so sweet because she ' s been that for so many years for people like me .                                   
" In this moment with no centre - backs fit I would say in this situation maybe we should think about that ," the German said .                                           
We were the only black family on the street then , and although we saw black faces on the way to school , at school and walking home from school , you hardly , if ever , saw black people on television .           
The Australian economy was going through a transition , and while it was " so far so good ," it was not risk free .                                               
The commission ' s report said that the " significant " new tax powers coming to the Scottish Parliament next year presented both " risks and opportunities " to the country .                                 
" They ' re saying that because they know people are going to come out and vote for Donald Trump ," he said .                                                 
Why on earth do we call them disabled , when on the important things they can be so much more able than the rest of us .                                           
They ' re setting you up for this whole life of football and dreams and then to get cut or something , then your whole life before that has basically got to change .                             
" I ' ve seen polls where I ' m beating Hillary Clinton pretty regularly and I believe I can ," Cruz said .                                                 
" I ' m hoping to follow it on with some sort of challenge for the rest of the year that will keep them doing stuff ," he said .                                     
I think it ' s great for football in this region that two ex - Liverpool players are playing for Asian clubs .                                                   
And our guys , the best place for them is on the floor and they ' re playing like that .                                                       
The man was not wearing a police uniform at the time , but it is understood he identified himself as a police officer .                                                 
Her son said his wife " was always like this ," but offered no other details about his wife ' s behaviour .                                                   
A court heard that he paid her to try and stop her speaking out , and said that no one would believe her if she revealed what he had done .                                   
Our study did not include women and children , so it would be interesting to explore whether similar differences exist within these groups .                                                 
He admits he ' s not used to lengthy interviews , doesn ' t understand the point of them , and hasn ' t quite worked out why he agreed to one .                               
The South Korean giant warned it would be difficult to maintain profits this year at the same level as 2015 .                                                       
For Cardiff , however , the draw represented a missed opportunity as it kept the gap between them and the play - off places to five points .                                         
To have some things exposed that maybe we could hide in other games is a big wake - up call close to finals time here .                                             
There ' s no doubt this season is in great part a tribute to him and what he ' s meant for this organization .                                               
Officials , however , have refused to say how many security personnel in all were involved in the fighting and operations to secure the base .                                             
We have an entire international back division on our injury list at the moment and we ' re not quite firing in the way we ' d like .                                       
I think he wanted to forget about all the management problems at the office and the stuff that was being done in his name .                                               
Brown spent two - and - a - half months in jail after he was arrested for hitting a man outside a Washington hotel in October 2013 .                                         
" A lot of people are considered celebrities today when they have only experienced popularity for one or two years , but he was exposed to the public for about 46 years , and so his talent was very very clear , very impressive ," Smith said . 
I still don ' t remember much about the day , I only know what people have told me and from photos I ' ve seen .                                           
Following that , she spent the next decade in and out of hospital and only began to recover after meeting her husband Ed , a financial director .                                         
He ' ll probably need four or five years [ to reach 300 ] and a lot of things can changes in that time .                                               
And my question to you is : What is your advice to those growing up surrounded by poverty and gun violence ?                                                     
If we want a better system , one that truly works to protect human health and welfare , then the UN is the right place for that debate .                                       
If we don ' t fight climate change we will have a much bigger refugee crisis than we ' re having right now .                                                 
" There was a lot of silence in the lab in the back of the plane because it was just so bad to see ," he said .                                         
The top one - quarter of one per cent of America ' s employed population have enjoyed explosive gains in income .                                                     
Still , she said the Fund expects global growth this year to be 3 . 4 percent , up from 3 . 1 percent in 2015 .                                           
The pair share a home in Middle Park , partners since 2011 , having first met at the junior Davis and Fed Cup event two years earlier .                                         
She said her ' worst fear ' was that , after being told she was a perfect match for her brother , something might go wrong on the day .                                     
His own father had committed suicide when he was just 18 months old , and he didn ' t want his own children to grow up without him .                                       
She said : ' We ' ve been best friends since school and I helped her get ready for the wedding .                                                       
But that is in order to give stronger roots to a book they know people will use for firm guidance .                                                       
" I ' m sure ( the gun executive action ) will get stopped by the courts ," Christie also said Sunday .                                                   
If it goes well or if it doesn ' t , you ' re definitely going to learn something you can take to the end of the year .                                       
So there will be a lot of people out there who will say ' right let ' s watch the golf ,' and that exposure to hundreds of millions or billions of people watching the Olympics could be fantastic .                 
A few days later , my brother and I went to meet the woman who had looked after our mother .                                                       
It didn ' t shake anyone else ' s world , but it certainly changed my life and that of my family , possibly forever .                                             
To beat a quality top 10 player in his first week , that was a great start to the year for Bernie .                                                   
Even if the app was broken for hours on end , people simply used the mobile web version of the site , rather than not use Facebook .                                         
After you get up at a normal time and eat your normal breakfast , perhaps you might consider going somewhere using your legs .                                                 
I would have fought as I have always done in my life but I was not given the opportunity to compete this time around .                                               
The Interior Ministry didn ' t get back in time with answers to CNN questions about reports of police violations .                                                       
Khan was among the 21 students and staff killed in the attack , according to a figure provided by authorities that hospital workers warned was likely to rise .                                       
She said : " This Government is absolutely committed to transparency and we make more of our data available than ever before .                                                     
He started this tournament a day late due to illness and must now back up on Saturday and then on Sunday if he is to defend his title .                                       
" When you become a head coach so early , so young and so fast , you really don ' t know why you ' re doing things ," he said .                                 
" It ' s a very successful fresh food retail facility , there ' s no reason to think that would change ," he said .                                             
When questioned about his lack of foreign policy experienced compared with Clinton , Sanders pointed to his vote against the war in Iraq .                                                 
His death brought to an end years of questions on whether he was still alive - sparked by a false report of his death more than three decades ago .                                     
The 41 - year - old said : ' As we sat down this guy just started singing and then everyone started dancing and singing .                                               
It is also the sixth year in a row that Hong Kong has been named the least affordable city for housing .                                                     
So I want to follow the correct law and if the law of the land is not correct then we have to slightly break it .                                             
The announcement of the charges came just before the release of a video showing McDonald being shot multiple times -- 16 shots were fired in just 15 seconds .                                       
And this is the man who warned that we should all sit up and take notice of what was going on in Greece .                                                 
" We asked the police to look at it and they didn ' t want to or didn ' t do it ," he said .                                             
Police are looking into a fire at the home of the former South Carolina police officer accused in the shooting death of a black man last April .                                         
The Fed raised rates for the first time in a decade at their December meeting and will gather again at the end of January .                                               
If you stream eight hours a day , you ' re not necessarily going to get good enough at it to be in the top few per cent .                                       
I mean , how many people would even fit on these islands if all the so - called citizens showed up ?                                                     
You can only go by what the professionals say , but my understanding is that the investigators who looked into that were pretty confident that it was OK .                                       
You certainly don ' t want maximum security prisoners who are a danger to the public to get out of your jail .                                                   
Whether they come from the Middle East or Eastern Europe , they all travelled to France to look for a better future , and most of them are disappointed .                                     
We only finished playing seven or eight weeks ago , it ' s not that long , so you still feel match fit .                                                 
She said that due to the nature of the accident her vehicle lost power and she could not get out .                                                       
As the law stands now , if a background check doesn ' t come back within three days , the gun sale goes through .                                               
European shares fell 3 % on Thursday after trading was suspended on the Chinese markets earlier for the second time this week .                                                   
It ' s alleged the victims - who are reportedly street children - were abused once but the crimes date over the past four years .                                             
It declared itself " strongly against " the latest test , but it is also strongly against the prospect of millions of refugees crossing its north - east border in flight from a failed state in North Korea .                   
I knew , without doubt , where she was sitting , when she was eating and what she was doing at any hour of any day .                                           
He told the inquest : ' There was only about three quarters of a second between her making contact with the group and her starting to fall into the road .                                     
First of all we cannot hope that we get the ball into the box and then maybe Christian will finish it .                                                     
Most particularly it is a tragedy for the two now young women who were young girls at the time that they were sexually abused by you .                                           
The school said children had turned up without a packed lunch or dinner money more than 100 times in the past month .                                                   
It was during one of the more difficult periods of my life and career that the person who would change my life showed up , and in a big way .                                   
" Until the fire is put out , we will not have information on what caused it ," he added .                                                       
Mr Cameron admitted he ' cannot be certain ' of a deal before the next key meeting in Brussels on February 18 , which means an EU referendum in June is looking less likely .                           
" When you get big winter storm surge like they want to document , you tend to lose a lot of beach ," he said .                                             
The idea that for some reason we wouldn ' t do that , I ' d have to understand why in hell we didn ' t .                                           
As someone who has worked with and for different types of pressure groups most of my adult life , I feel well - placed to judge what it feels like to be in one .                           
Indeed , a survey by the Guardian reveals what many of us in the development sector have long suspected : that an overwhelming proportion of aid workers suffer from mental health problems and little is being done to help them .               
The Kings have gone from scoring four goals in a game against Detroit 10 days ago to scoring three goals in each of their last three games ... all the way to zero .                             
A natural labour proved impossible and her life was saved by having a C - section and the doctors ' ability to bring her sky high blood pressure back under control .                                 
The phone had been sent down some days earlier with video of the rescue operation , in order to give the men hope .                                                 
When you first saw that fake police warrant issued for you on Facebook , for a second there did you wonder where you were at that time ?                                         
This is to do with the way his action is going , how is body is coming through , where his right leg is landing .                                             
Now all of a sudden we are facing the challenge that refugees are coming into Europe and we are vulnerable , as we see , because we don ' t yet have the order , the control that we would like to have .         
But I think the fact I had such great family , great support , good people around me , got me through and I ' m very happy to be where I am .                             
The series revealed that defence lawyers fighting to free him from prison were able to use extensive court records from a 2005 case .                                                 
But the Special One has been too occupied trying to figure out what ' s wrong with every other Chelsea player to give the striker the attention he needs .                                     
If we don ' t get it right in the home , then we won ' t get it right when we come in to the office either .                                       
So far manufacturing appears to have been hit harder than services , with industrial production in America falling in each of the last three months of 2015 .                                         
But instead of helping her out she said the police officer drove her to a country lane where he accused her of making up the allegations .                                           
This low pressure system will hang around the area for the next few days and there is a possibility of another low pressure system coming up from Victoria .                                       
This is a cut in growth of 0 . 2 per cent in each year from when the fund published its last forecasts in October .                                             
" I think she ' ll get the nomination ," she said of Clinton , who she supported 8 years ago .                                                     
The first couples to be affected will be gay couples who married legally abroad - whose unions will now automatically be recognised by the Irish state .                                           
As director of the museum ' s international collection since 2006 , making that happen has been her main job .                                                       
She didn ' t immediately respond to a request for comment sent to an email address she lists on her Facebook page .                                                   
And we ' ll be looking at care for years on this to make sure we ' re following through to do what we can to really make sure these kids get issues addressed .                           
But they can ' t be around all the time , and sometimes you need a professional to talk to .                                                       
The US has also been going after senior figures : 10 so - called " high - value targets " have been killed over the past month alone .                                       
Now we believe is the time for action that can bring North Korea back to the table ," Kerry said .                                                       
But the importance of the 2008 Republican vice - presidential nominee ' s endorsement , lies far more in her celebrity than in the elected office she once held .                                     
You are constantly being talked at and talked to , so if you are not in that discussion when you are an expert then why wouldn ' t you want that voice to be heard .                         
We ' re trying to find who ' s going to lead this country , and who ' s going to make a better place to live , instead of who ' s the most popular one .                     
This will also mean that the app will have access to the internet when it needs it to help consumers get the best check - out experience .                                         
" It absolutely limits you as to how close you can get to a home run without humans ," he said .                                                     
But she only became widely known a year ago when she began posting minor operations on social media sites such as YouTube and Instagram .                                               
You ' re going to see the same exact guy out of me as you ' ve seen the whole season .                                                     
She said : ' I didn ' t think it would make such a difference but even people at work were surprised .                                                     
The US , Italy , Canada , Turkey and Australia also purchased the jets , making it the most expensive defence programme ever .                                                 
If the answer to that is , it shouldn ' t hurt , I would suggest that we shouldn ' t do it , because it might hurt .                                       
But above all you need to convince yourself that you don ' t need to stay on top of your email and respond to every message , even when it ' s not required .                           
His estimate on campaign spending ahead of early voting in Iowa and New Hampshire - about $ 2 million ( 1 . 85 million euros ) a week - is said to be in line with that of other candidates .               
I saw it in the face of my players , but we should not talk about it because it is only an opportunity to win .                                             
Police believe the body of a fourth passenger in a deadly light plane crash off the Victorian coast could still be inside the plane .                                               
I spent five hours in the pub with one of them and he told me everything - about the politics , about his career , about what the other guys were like .                               
Last weekend , Saudi authorities staged a mass execution of 47 prisoners ; at least four were convicted for their involvement in political protests .                                               
We won 4 - 3 but we were winning 3 - 0 , then it was 3 - 3 , so it was a very good game .                                         
But it got to the point where we realized that perhaps other people have experienced this even if they ' re looking up to these Instagram couples and thinking life looks great and it ' s wonderful .                     
We have mainly dealt with the complaints from workers about working alone and according to the staff there were too few staff at the centre .                                             
The final nuclear deal between Iran , the US and other world powers was signed last July and could be implemented as soon as this month .                                           
We work hard on it and I hope in the next two or three days we get to the end of it .                                                   
But he warned choices would have to be made to protect citizens that involve new techniques and technology as well as police officer numbers and the right mix of resources .                                   
This is the form which shows the benefits and expenses you obtained during the tax year - such as the value of your private medical insurance , if you have it .                                 
Those are the guys that get a chance to see you everyday , day in and day out , get to see you put in work .                                           
" How do we make sure that the EU - which we joined for the single market benefits and the benefits to business - continues to work for them and , indeed , work better for them ," she said .               
What Mr Abbott does is up to him , but he ' s the former Liberal prime minister of Australia .                                                       
The court heard that the pair were arrested in December 2014 after two members of the public took photographs of them in Oxford Street and reported their behaviour to police .                                   
At that moment one of the men started filming with his mobile phone while the other jumped on the animals up to three times , falling with all his weight on them .                               
You have been able to train at a higher level and the drug might be out of your system , but the training effect is still there ," he said .                                   
I struggled to get past what he has done and the only comfort I can get is that he will never be allowed to put another animal through this .                                     
According to the club , it had signed up 500 new members by mid - afternoon on Tuesday and only 10 people had cancelled their membership .                                           
And next Saturday night , the NFL holds its annual awards show just ahead of Sunday ' s Super Bowl .                                                       
He added : ' If your wife leaves you for another man , if you leave your wife because you don ' t like her , I don ' t care what it is .                             
This time we ' ve had a chance to understand what their needs are and be able to collect more appropriate medication and so on .                                             
Perhaps future black students won ' t have to be asked questions such as " How did you hear about this university ?" by senior staff .                                           
Osborne announced a so - called " Google tax " in his March budget , targeting businesses that moved UK profits overseas .                                                   
However , we have not confirmed that at this stage , so we ' ve still got boats out there searching .                                                     
Me speaking out has made the public understand that there are more reasons why you might need an abortion ," she said .                                                   
Yet I ' m fairly sure this piece will be one of the few across the press and the BBC even to discuss it .                                               
So while he may like the people on the inside , and the people on the inside who he writes checks to may like him , that is the whole problem .                                 
" What we ' re really talking about is kids taking more responsibility for their learning , because they can now learn anywhere ," he said .                                           
The television ad will air in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina and goes hard on Sen . Ted Cruz , a Texas Republican , who is currently Trump ' s biggest threat in the race .                     
And I just realized that ... people benefit and there ' s a lot of money being made off of keeping people on drugs .                                               
Ms May is expected to make a decision on whether to carry out a review of the current arrangements in the next few weeks .                                               
We tried to solve the problem ourselves , but we see what happens when a terror organisation forces people out of their country ," he said .                                           
" I just put it as the gift section because it ' s the closest thing I could come up with ," he explained .                                               
It means the boy had nothing to prove his identity when he arrived in Sweden - and that he could be 18 or even older .                                             
The group has also scored the tax plans of several GOP presidential candidates , which have been cited in Republican debates .                                                     
As one of the show ' s principal characters , he worked for the next four years , filming five days a week in Florida .                                             
40 per cent of British adults don ' t have a week ' s wages put aside to cover an unexpected expense , and almost half don ' t have any pension savings .                             
At the same time today , if American investors and the heads of the American economy want to come to Iran and invest in my country , there are no problems from our point of view .                       
The last time I spoke with her , she said that were it not for the boys , she ' d be off the board .                                             
In that case she ruled suicide as the cause of death , and now fears she may have been wrong .                                                       
More than a million migrants arrived in Germany last year - and now Berlin is making moves to stem the flow .                                                     
In Wales , Yorkshire and south - west England , rain will reach around two inches and up to four inches in higher areas , mainly Wales .                                         
I know there was only about 10 , 000 people in the ground but I have met three and a half million since who say they were there .                                       
Still , for many years Iran has supported domestic extremists , which has led to a situation in which Iran is unable to prevent attacks and take action against militants in the country .                             
It seems she was planning to leave for Syria after her husband had killed himself and dozens of others on the streets of London .                                               
Research published by the Bank of Scotland has indicated that Scotland ' s private sector may be starting to grow again .                                                     
This year , a new federal law allows for the accused to have a lawyer present , although there is still no guarantee the lawyer can speak .                                         
" Britain outside the EU would be less able to respond with the speed and strength we need to tackle complex threats ," he added .                                             
I now recognise there ' s going to be a couple of nights a week where I do some work and I ' ve come to terms with that .                                     
But parents in countries like the United States and China , which have a more limited support system for families and lower - income people , might be forced to choose , they say .                           
He was also allowed to speak at the University of Manchester last month , despite concerns being raised by university staff .                                                     
And how do you respond to people who feel that only reason she made those remarks is because she was upset that you didn ' t receive a nomination this year ?                                 
' James doesn ' t worry about trying to do anything , he just makes sure we know it needs to be done ,' she said .                                           
She had a really good match earlier but I ' ve got nothing to lose and will just do my best .                                                     
That ' s mainly because the wealthy pushed income into 2012 to avoid higher tax rates that took effect the following year .                                                   
The annual speech to Congress , which is broadcast on prime time television , is an opportunity for the president to update the nation on his policies and set out a plan for the year ahead .                       
Those talks - involving the U . S ., North Korea , China , Japan , South Korea and Russia - broke down in 2009 after six years , not long after Obama took office .                         
The result fell short of expectations , even after considering the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates estimated at 400 billion won .                                                 
But research consistently shows that within a week 25 per cent of people have already given up on their promises with only 20 per cent of people reaching their goal .                                   
While walking in the house where he was staying , he fell 25 feet from a second - story window , and landed on the concrete below .                                         
' In the end he ran away , and he moved around a lot so they wouldn ' t find him .                                                     
Among other things , the apps will present movies and TV shows based on what you ' ve watched before , like Netflix does , rather than the traditional way of channel by channel .                           
' I haven ' t seen her for a while to tell you the truth , but I know she ' s lived here for a very long time .                                     
He was left waiting at the window for between 20 and 30 seconds , while the drive - through operator took another order , police said .                                           
We had all had a drink and I ' m not saying what he did was right but I am standing by him .                                                 
There are coaches here who want it more than some of our players , and that ' s the bad part .                                                     
P - 22 was caught and examined in April 2014 , after trail cameras captured images of him looking ill .                                                       
He told the Sunday Post newspaper he has been banned from entering the former Soviet country for the next five years .                                                     
We will always watch demand and supply but the whole idea of this car was to put people into an iconic Ford at an affordable price .                                           
The 51 - member board pledged to double the number of women and minority members in the academy by 2020 .                                                       
When she noticed the minister for the weekend had come into the room , she rose immediately and walked across to me .                                                   
My dad told me after the game that he was proud of me , it ' s the first time he had said that and it meant a lot .                                     
But , like I say , I knew before the Arsenal game and my performance isn ' t going to change : the way I train , what I give for the club .                             
" This is an unprecedented situation , unprecedented in world scientific research ," Brazil ' s Health Ministry said on its website .                                                   
But do check for any fees your bank might charge for this , to make sure it is cost effective .                                                       
This is despite a 2014 Department for Transport study that found 1 . 6 per cent of drivers in England were observed using a mobile , up from 1 . 4 per cent in 2009 .                         
Four officers were named as part of the inquiry after police broke new regulations while trying to discover the identity of journalists ' sources .                                               
A Department for Education spokesperson said : ' We are aware of the ongoing incident , police are looking into it and we are monitoring the situation .                                           
Its services division , which includes its app store and music offering , has huge sales , of around $ 20 billion a year .                                               
" It was quite surprising to us we were able to find something so young and so far away ," Dr Murphy said .                                                 
It seems like he made a decision last Friday that this storm wasn ' t going to be a big storm .                                                     
The good companies you would want to continue as a consumer to buy from are the ones that continue to improve and put plans in place and continue to increase their spending and their desire to make good quality products .               
As you grow older , you ' ll come to see your parents less as authority figures and more as people just doing the best they can .                                         
As with common assault , if someone is being charged for the first time it is unlikely that they will go to prison with a fine the usual outcome .                                     
Mr Cameron said : " I don ' t really want to put new taxes on anything but we do have to recognise that we face something of an obesity crisis .                                   
You don ' t have to turn for it but I have to give my opinion , I can ' t sit here and be fake .                                           
The 26 - year - old was on his way home from practice on Thursday when he witnessed a three - car collision , immediately stopping to see if he could offer any help .                           
With first class it is more now about recognition these days , so guests feel like they are returning home .                                                       
But what will at least be consistent across the country is that it ' s a little bit harder to get a gun .                                                 
The play , which started life as a BBC Radio 4 drama , told the story of the woman who won seven world titles and held the UK women ' s all - round title for 25 consecutive years .                 
Now can he make the transition and make the big jump to put himself in a position to be on the 53 - hopefully the 46 ?                                           
There ' s cable ties on it and things , even though it cost a billion dollars or whatever it is .                                                     
Our experience shows that while A - level assessment can indicate potential , for far too many students there are other factors that influence results .                                             
In the UK , which does not have an all - day breakfast , sales rose as the company served 3 . 7 million customers a day .                                         
A child under ten who has a Caribbean parent is more than twice as likely as not to have a white parent .                                                   
Whether I ' m the nominee or whether I ' m president or not , if you want this country fixed you got to pick someone who understands how to move that system .                             
And this gives visitors the chance to see first hand where and how trade skills that no longer exist were used .                                                     
To get off to the start that we got off to and let those guys back in the game , we just never recovered .                                               
The deal was agreed on the understanding that the vaccine will be submitted for a licence by the end of 2017 .                                                     
It was a very fast moving grass fire ... and as you can tell by the size of the fire , it certainly was of concern there for a while .                                   
This little girl was later taken away and adopted when her mother was found to be drunk while in charge of her .                                                   
I was informed that this was normal , and that far from being an indication that my mind was out of control , it was actually essential to my mental health .                                 
Many of the works reveal the trauma that the young people aged 12 to 18 have experienced since being displaced , while others are more optimistic .                                           
The boy - who has not been named - could fall ill just from being in the same room as where chocolate is present .                                               
Although Gordon didn ' t win the title , he was in the running and climbed from his car for the final time at the top of his game .                                     
Britain ' s most married man has proposed for the ninth time - even though he ' s still married to wife number eight .                                               
Christmas of 2013 was much like any other , going to my mum ' s to spend the holiday with family .                                                     
It comes just after Trump called , in the wake of ISIS - connected terror attacks in Paris and California , to ban all Muslims from entering the United States .                                   
If you try to take it too early in the day , your body may not be ready for more sleep .                                                     
It ' s great to be a part of a team and playing at Melbourne Park during the Australian Open , taking advantage of the atmosphere down here .                                       
With that in mind , I went on playing and losing , telling myself that someone had to strike it lucky , so why not me ?                                           
US officials said the country had two potential candidates for a vaccine , and might begin clinical trials in people by the end of this year .                                           
In particular , for many voters , and Conservative MPs , he wants to show that the deal will make a difference to immigration .                                               
But they might also come true - there are high hopes for new industries like virtual reality and cars , but the products are already arriving too .                                         
We have dedicated all available resources to this search and investigation so that we may bring all three inmates back into custody .                                                   
So much so that both player and coach agree she is already playing at a better level than last year , which , considering the results in 2015 , is quite some statement .                             
Mr Cameron wrote in the personal minute to colleagues that he had decided to give ministers the freedom to campaign on either side of the EU referendum vote because of the " deeply - held positions of conviction " on the issue .           
And it ' s all but certain to be a ballot that includes another effort to boost the state ' s tobacco tax .                                                 
She told the BBC : ' I think it would be a mistake for David Cameron , I had the Foreign Secretary in here last week and said as much to him directly .                               
The benefits of low energy costs and interest rates , combined with a healthy jobs market , has failed to provide as much support to the U . S . economy as some had hoped .                         
You forced her to the ground so she was on her back and pulled down her lower clothing as well as your own .                                                 
If our official artists don ' t seem politically engaged it doesn ' t matter , because our best ones already are .                                                   
Unfortunately , the family was not made aware of this and so none of Sir David ' s sons were tested .                                                     
I try to follow a diet rich in fruit and vegetables as well as having lots of milk , eggs and fish and then I also love to treat myself occasionally with some cake and dark chocolate .                     
As many as 30 new gas - fired power stations are likely to be needed to make up the supply deficit , according to the report , but these are not being built .                             
One thing I would ask is done is that a better explanation is given to them all as to what the effects of any offer being made on them is personally .                                 
As well as scoring six Premier League goals , he could yet emerge as the number 10 in England ' s plans for France .                                               
President Obama insists his executive action on gun violence is " not a plot to take away everyone ' s guns ," but Republicans say otherwise .                                           
For instance , we created a trust fund for the Syria crisis where we just put as the European Commission half a billion euros .                                               
There are signs , however , that the " 20 February movement " has served a larger purpose : it has demonstrated that popular pressure can force political change .                                     
I haven ' t seen people treat Obama supporters like this , or supporters of other male establishment candidates - just Hillary .                                                   
As strong as Maria is , it ' s a different mind that walks onto the court than in different matches .                                                     
A 33 - year - old man and two women , aged 17 and 18 , were arrested for alleged drug offences .                                                   
It was important there be no compromise to taste or quality and that ' s exactly what we ' ve delivered .                                                     
The company ' s shares rose more than 3 percent to $ 37 . 20 , after being down more than 2 percent to $ 36 . 15 in regular trading .                                 
" One can never really know , but perhaps the black actors did not deserve to make the final list ," she added .                                                 
It is much harder on a real street that has been blocked off and you can see the cars behind .                                                       
He also helped calm down Jake White [ the head coach ] as it was a World Cup and Eddie had reached the final four years before .                                         
On Thursday , United also said it would expand its fleet by the middle of 2017 , adding 40 new Boeing aircraft .                                                   
The actor , who won an Oscar for playing Ray Charles in 2004 " s Ray , said he told the man : " You ' ve got to help me get you out , because I don ' t want to have to leave you .     
But these are challenging issues and if there was a quick , easy answer to put the smile back on the faces of those in the steel communities we would do it .                               
Even if iPhone sales fall or are flat in the upcoming financial results , strong holiday sales of other products should have created overall revenue growth for Apple .                                       
The prime minister has been under pressure - just as in the summer months when the full scale of the migrant crisis became clear - to make more effort to help the most vulnerable among the hundreds of thousands of people on the move .       
It will be such a huge popular issue ... that even if it ' s not successful the first time , it will eventually be .                                             
" It ' s one of the last places in Sydney where you can drive on the beach ," he says , saving the need to carry supplies to and from the beach for the day .                       
What you are real in an email to ABC news a governor ' s office says he was not talking about race race he says .                                             
I could feel the shock and pain of my two staff members present , after all the care and attention they had given David .                                               
We pushed them so hard we almost pushed them right out of the building in the second period and then they came back and pushed us .                                           
A total of 200 of these islands would meet all the UK ' s electricity requirements - but at a cost of £ 1 . 7 billion each , the power does not come cheap .                         
We heard about the incidents in the city with refugee men , but we never experienced it ourselves from them .                                                       
To win , however , Rubio believes he has to win enough support from movement conservatives in order to move beyond his consistent third - place standing in many polls .                                   
While the House might attempt to do it , it would be nearly impossible to do in a Senate with 54 Republicans .                                                   
I had all the hopes and potential and now I am doing nothing and don ' t know what there is for me in the future .                                           
I ' ve got a lot of people that want to be in my family right now , by the way .                                                     
Since then at least four prominent activists and journalists have been killed , including three who were living and working in Turkey .                                                   
" For the Saudi leadership , there will be no compromise with Iran ' s aggressive policy ," he said .                                                       
He thinks the experiment forced the city ' s local education authority to re - examine what it was doing .                                                       
I ' m sitting here because I love him , and I respect him , and I honour what he ' s been through and what we ' ve been through together .                               
" I did what I know what to do and it ' s not that I tried something different , I just played the way I have always played ," he said .                               
We have a couple of really important games coming up and we ' ll want to negotiate our way through those first and also work out what ' s best for us as well and see if it works .                 
Murray ' s wife Kim is due to give birth to their first child in February , and the British number one has said he would leave Melbourne early to attend .                                 
They found her carrying out numerous activities which were ' at odds ' with her claims , including lifting heavy bags and walking her dog , the court was told .                                   
I just had this feeling before the tournament started that I was going to do really well there ," said Williams , who won her first major final at the U . S . Open in 1999 .                     
It ' s unlikely to fit into the January schedule but we are looking at other times of the year to stage the tournament .                                               
The singer feels she worked hard to get where she is today - and that her kids should do the same .                                                     
It was intense , he said , and there was concern at times that he might lose his voice in the process .                                                   
I think we saw goals , chances created , confidence , belief , passing the ball , all the things I ' d want to see .                                           
As soon as the deal fell through a propaganda war not seen since the end of the cold war over what had gone wrong began .                                             
The decision over the weekend to remove the items from the German Amazon was later followed by other regional Amazon online stores .                                                   
The adviser was paid commission for making the sale , which could be around 5 per cent of the amount invested .                                                     
A Welsh government spokesperson said : " It is essential we get the best outcome from the funds available in order to keep delivering for the people of Wales , and our national parks are at the heart of that delivery .               
As for why I got it , it was as much an interior design choice as it was a want to keep warm .                                                 
A friend said : ' He was someone who you could always have fun with and all the time you were with him you knew it would be a laugh because he was so funny .                           
After not smoking , being a healthy weight is the most important thing people can do to reduce their cancer risk , the charity says .                                             
As the high court will close today until 11 January 2016 , there can be no hearing before that date .                                                       
UK new car sales hit an all - time record last year , figures released later are expected to show .                                                       
He ' s happy for me . and he ' s pretty confident that I can do good things with my tennis .                                                   
It ' s kind of like a playoff feel where you go there , watch a lot of film and things like that .                                                 
There ' s plenty of bad language and abuse on social media , but it doesn ' t usually come from an elected representative in the Australian Parliament .                                       
But her son Howard said : " She actually only left a few hundred pounds after we used her estate to top up her funeral costs .                                             
She said firefighters put out the fire in 10 minutes , and that 14 people died and 32 were injured .                                                       
On Tuesday , the original bus driver was told around 6 p . m . to wait with the passengers for the new driver .                                               
A diagnosis also means we can link up with other families who are in the same boat and offer support .                                                       
Maybe I can get off to better start than I did last year where he won the first set 6 - 0 .                                                   
I don ' t want to be a coach just for six months ... I absolutely hope I ' m here beyond six months but I need to prove myself .                                   
She maintained she was talking about her ex - husband ' s problems on television to show the world that she was supporting him .                                               
The source confirmed that a February deal would give Mr Cameron the option of calling a June referendum , but it was " hard to see " a summer vote if there was a delay in negotiations .                     
I am lucky that I have a good sense of people , and sense whether I am going to be able to work together with someone .                                           
Women represent just 20 % of employees in the rail industry as a whole and only 4 . 4 % of rail engineering roles .                                               
But finally my back is feeling better so that ' s nice and kind of hopefully [ I ' ll ] be past that .                                               
But the couple were arrested a few days later in Spain , where they were forced to spend several nights in prison away from their son before being released .                                     
During the three - minute hearing , she spoke only to confirm her name , address and date of birth .                                                       
He said he would not rush an agreement if it was not " available " in time for the Brussels summit on 18 February .                                               
He says we will find out more in late February when the Iranian government gives full details at a conference in London .                                                   
After that the club is mainly going to be there for bringing new players and trying to change the situation of the team .                                                 
I used to say the same sort of thing myself - until I met a couple of women who had been born as men .                                               
It means if there are any problems , they can raise the alarm so Stanley can be treated as soon as possible .                                                   
Since then , the organisation behind the awards has promised to double the number of female and minority members , a move welcomed by leading actors .                                           
" I want to thank you for making me happy by giving me a new warm and safe environment ," she writes .                                                   
We had to find that balance with the studio and the network to say , they don ' t want it handed to them on a silver plate .                                       
He said he had been shown surveillance footage of the crash site and said several cars had passed by the scene without helping .                                                 
In the first half of 2015 they fell more than 13 % from the same period a year earlier and the loss more than doubled to $ 45 . 8 million .                                 
Tuesday is set for similar weather , while from Wednesday to Friday there is a moderate chance of rain and temperatures likely to hit a maximum of 31 degrees .                                     
We believe we ' re ahead of the pack in the race for a Zika vaccine ,' he said in an interview .                                                   
Mr Corbyn said party policy will either be determined by an individual vote with members or a vote at party conference .                                                     
She added : ' We don ' t have a view on how much they should charge , after all every venue is different and sometimes it is the venue you are paying to be in .                         
After the switch , residents complained their water had problems , and high levels of lead were found in the water supply .                                                   
But it is high - risk stuff and , given that the changes would not come into effect until 2017 , that is plenty of time for it to fall apart .                                 
The counter view is that a Westminster government would have more money to invest because it would not be sending it to Brussels every year so Wales would not lose out .                                 
Even though the reason I went to prison is different , when we come out of prison , we have the same situation .                                                 
The militant group ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks , which killed at least 130 people and wounded hundreds more .                                                       
We see some wild stuff , but that ' s the first time I ' ve seen anything like that in the seven years I ' ve been here .                                     
The nearly four - year construction project has come in on budget despite being completed six months later than planned , and is due to open to the public on Friday , January 29 .                           
" Michael ' s our player and we can ' t stop clubs asking a question about him ," Wright told BBC Scotland .                                                 
This would matter if we didn ' t love the job we do and the attitude to the work environment isn ' t what it is .                                           
' We realise we ' ve missed the mark with what was supposed to be a little bit of fun .                                                       
It is currently manufacturing both , according to the report , though it may be that Apple will drop one design and continue with just the other .                                         
" In states where unions cannot collect fair - share fees , the employees they represent earn lower wages and compensation , regardless of whether they are union members or not ," he said .                           
Not in a legal sense , but it could pose a political problem if Trump and others continue to raise the issue .                                                   
" I do not want to go to another country because it is difficult now , too ( many ) refugees go there ," he said .                                           
It ' s also the closest point on this walk to the beach , if you want a quick trip to the sand .                                                 
I don ' t exactly understand this , and maybe there will be somebody in the audience who explains it to me .                                                   
" When we reviewed both performances there was a lot to like about what we were doing and that ' s the positive to take from the two losses ... we ' re still playing very good cricket ," he said .             
For the past year , he fought to prevent Conservative ministers from revealing their private views about Britain ' s membership of the EU .                                               
He says such changes will make you function more effectively - whether you ' re a top level athlete or work nine - to - five in an office .                                     
' We have said this before - unless it is truly an emergency , you should not be on the roads ,' he said , adding the ban on cars comes into effect from 2 . 30pm .                     
I don ' t care if you took my car or whatever is in the car , I just want my baby back .                                                 
I have no doubt in my mind he will have received excellent care from the police but it ' s hardly ideal .                                                   
I ' m scared of police more than my parents beating me when I did something wrong when I was a kid .                                                   
More than 80 per cent experienced a feeling of comfort after application and 70 per cent felt it had an impact on their eating behaviour .                                             
But of course one would make the most of being with someone if there was a chance you might never see them again .                                                 
But Kerry acknowledged one day prior there is a possibility some of the expected $ 55 billion Iran will have access to could end up in terrorists ' possession .                                     
Yet Trump is still leading in the polls , despite data that show about half of U . S . voters say they think it ' s important to have someone in the White House who shares their religious perspective .               
Police are treating a hit - and - run which left a 14 - year - old boy in hospital as attempted murder .                                                 
It ' s not just him , there ' s a lot of this stuff in the sporting industry , and to defend it , I think , is not right at all .                             
And you wouldn ' t always know it by watching television , but overall , most cities are much safer than they were 10 years ago or 20 years ago .                                   
The Lakers weren ' t a good team that season , although they weren ' t nearly as bad as their current 9 - 35 squad with which Bryant must finish his career .                             
He added : " People who work with Sen . Cruz inside the Senate -- that ' s the word that gets out on the street .                                             
The boy - who cannot be named because of his age - is also charged with seven counts of attempted murder .                                                     
As of New Year ' s Day , California law enforcement agencies must collect and report information on all police shootings and other serious uses of force .                                         
We ' ve been working hard of late and maybe we didn ' t have a bit of luck before but I think we ' re all working the same amount on the football pitch .                         
This is the friend that posts on social media all week about " how excited " they are to catch up .                                                     
Clinton , who ran a third - place campaign in Iowa in 2008 , is focusing more on delegate - rich cities and urban areas .                                             
And if I hadn ' t been so quick to make myself better than she , I might have been able to help her .                                               
Given the opportunity to attack his fellow Republicans on national security , Christie instead turned the focus on Clinton and talked about when she was asked about her email use at a Democratic town hall earlier this week .                   
For the full year , it earned 19 . 1 trillion won ($ 15 . 8 billion ), down 19 percent from the previous year and the lowest level in four years .                               
22 , a week or so before he had planned to fly from his resort home in Thailand to Hong Kong for business .                                                 
" This is like a secret on the tour that everybody knows , but we don ' t talk about it ," said the player , whose identity is known by the BBC .                             
But that ' s what you hope to get throughout the season is the development of some of those young guys .                                                     
" We had barriers up against the front of the restaurant , whose going to walk through a building site and go to a restaurant ?" he said .                                       
Harris also supported putting a mobile missile defense system in place in South Korea , but warned that both the U . S . and South Korea must come to an agreement on that together .                         
April 7 , 2010 - He is sentenced to eight years of hard labor and ordered to pay a fine of 70 million North Korean won or approximately $ 600 , 000 .                               
To me , this is a transparency measure to allow what is already happening in Colorado but to do it above - board .                                                 
Last year Turkey agreed to take a more active role in the US - led campaign against IS , carrying out air strikes in Syria .                                             
" Another area of low pressure is expected to move quickly east across the Atlantic , bringing another spell of heavy rain to western parts of the UK ," a spokesperson for the Met Office said .                       
According to a statement , use of the drug resulted in an average overall survival of 7 . 9 months in the overall study population .                                             
South Australia police told news . com . au yesterday that no further details would be released in relation to the January 4 incident as the investigation continues .                                       
When I was growing up , we never spoke of such things , but today it ' s in your face , and children now are very open about it .                                   
The relatively minor charge reflects the fact there is " no grounds to say that the doctor wanted to murder the patient ," investigators said .                                             
It ' s in our interest to make this investment in education , let alone for the moral reasons of wanting to help the children themselves .                                           
Europe ' s border - free travel zone could be suspended for two years amid a warning from the French prime minister that mass immigration could kill the entire EU project .                                 
While facts are still coming in that will shed more light on this , we have to believe that a deal was cut that made this successful raid possible .                                     
The men asked for a smoking room and pre - paid $ 200 in cash for two nights , he said .                                                     
' We ' re asking small children to ' work ' as it were - be away from home doing something they ' ve got to do - for nearly twice as long as we would expect an adult to .               
Then , come up with a solution for how you ' re going to deal with it , to make sure it doesn ' t prevent your progress .                                       
The UN is urging the two sides to meet on 25 January in an effort to end the conflict , which has resulted in the deaths of more than 250 , 000 people and caused a massive refugee crisis .                 
So there he was in 2015 , on the roster , a man without a position , if a bat that demonstrated some power .                                               
Her business was just as successful , it employed as many people , and in fact ran a few more stores then than now .                                               
I see that also in the training sessions but you have to show it also at a certain time for 90 minutes and that ' s why football is so amazing because you never know .                         
I don ' t know if it ' s always like that , but I know it ' s true for Mike , he sees what he is doing is for the good of the public .                       
They found a place for $ 500 a month that met their needs ( they live in Utah ), and kept their budget tight : rent , food and phone bills .                                 
The feature is open to people who identify as " seeing someone ," " married " or " in an open relationship " and are looking for others to join their relationship .                                 
According to the New York Times ' s sources , the Academy is also considering a more radical ( and less likely ) move .                                               
Police didn ' t ask him to do that , it ' s a decision he made on his own .                                                       
All of that is now being pushed to the past as they attempt to turn three consecutive seasons in the finals into a drought - breaking title .                                         
Authorities ' handling of the fire has come under heavy criticism from residents , who have complained of a lack of communication and emergency warnings , and a lack of water .                                 
For the past two years it ' s been my job to follow what you do every day ,"" Love recalled .                                                     
The FBI is still trying to determine where the couple was or what they did during 18 minutes between the Dec .                                                     
" They were minor incidents such as trees on roads ; some trees over cars and houses ," he said .                                                       
If the past is any guide , the chances are it will be a male from NSW who is good at sport .                                                   
I ' ve never heard her really explain why she had the system the way she did and what about those 30 , 000 ( emails ), or however many it is , she destroyed .                         
And although 1 in 4 women experience violence in their lifetime it is estimated that only 35 per cent of all incidents are reported to the police .                                         
It was just an interesting way of working with people who knew each place and were also making their own work along the way .                                               
I like where we ' re at at the moment , I like that I get a week in Adelaide to go out there and prepare for the playoffs so I feel good about it all .                       
And she wants to see the end of policies that only cover patients in a public hospital or that have major restrictions on care .                                               
You may find that odd ; I certainly do , given that cold weather does go with the territory , so to speak .                                                 
But , you know , I ' m proud of the way I fought and managed to get myself back into the match and create chances for myself .                                       
For decades there has been overwhelming agreement in the industry that there should be more diversity at all levels and in all areas of the book world , but even with greater awareness , the problem never seems to go away .             
The pair called for help about 10 . 30pm on Saturday night after the boat began taking on water , but rescue crews had to wait until first light to search for them .                             
I ' ve had more training put into me , more flat work and it has really developed my skills as well as my passion .                                             
' I promise the final model will have more than one seat , that ' s for sure ,' he said .                                                     
That ' s the everyday work that doesn ' t get a lot of recognition , because it ' s not unusual .                                                   
" It was important for us to make this home really special , that the kids wanted to be at ," he said .                                                 
If Tottenham ' s worst fears are confirmed , and he is out for two months , that could take him all the way up until the international break in late March .                               
Research carried out by the Alzheimer ' s Society also found 64 % of people with dementia felt isolated from friends and family following diagnosis .                                             
I was becoming my true self , able to focus more on people and things that actually made me happy .                                                       
He said : ' They ' ve come from the same area and they ' re still in the same area and went to school in the same area .                                       
" It was a tough year , my first as captain and the way it all turned out , it was not the year we wanted to have ," he said .                                 
Your parents and you were living in an exhibition centre that the Dutch authorities had converted into a temporary shelter for the hundreds of asylum seekers like you .                                       
She ' s demanding Britain does more for migrants , but has yet to make good on her promise to house a Syrian family in one of her own two beautiful homes .                               
In one version the idea was to keep the ball in the air as long as possible , but there were also competitive team games in which the idea was to get a ball into a goal .                     
We are really moving forward and developing a really strong product for education in England that is as good as anywhere else , in my opinion .                                           
But with her , I thought she took it a little bit personal , thinking players talk to her the wrong way .                                                   
" I didn ' t know it was going to be quite that long , but she made a beautiful -- you know , she made a very good speech ," Trump said .                             
That ' s why football is so great and the FA Cup is so great - because it gives you an opportunity .                                                   
The source said : " One of the biggest problems is elderly family members of EU citizens already in Britain , coming over and claiming ordinary residence .                                           
Although we all appreciate that Nick has achieved a lot for our Party in the past , we must also remember that the Party is bigger than any individual .                                     
While properties might offer shelter , a number of individuals we worked with clearly stated that they would be better off on the street .                                               
Apple ' s next major iPhone release could bring a huge boost to battery capacity , addressing one of users " biggest concerns .                                                 
He is expected to hold a cabinet meeting as soon as possible after the deal has been secured , to set a date for the vote .                                           
While Kennedy is certainly happy with his team ' s progress , he knows it is way too early to get caught up in things like that .                                         
Facebook said it had 1 . 59 billion monthly active users as of December 31 , up 14 percent from the end of 2014 .                                               
Jessica Simpson posted this image on Instagram with this caption : " And the sun sets on 33 ," July 10 , 2014 .                                                   
There ' s a lot of goals in this team and hopefully we can add a few to that and send us to Rio .                                               
Now , if we fail to deliver them and we have to take a different stance , then that ' s a new situation .                                               
We are running a campaign that will take us to the convention and I ' m very proud of the kinds of enormous gains we have made .                                         
The system rates the best schools as green , schools deemed " effective " yellow and those " in need of greatest improvement " red .                                             
It should be perfect for any user who has become a bit too used to a phone screen being the last thing they see at night .                                           
That a president could become president who never met people who have to struggle to make a living and put food on the table .                                               
" My body is feeling different to what it normally does at the beginning of the year ," Murray says .                                                       
A small number of loans are built up to about $ 10 million and sold to one of two investment funds .                                                     
However , the defending champion cut her error count to just five in the second set and claimed it thanks to a single break in game four .                                         
' Most people think it ' s crazy - both the drone community and other people think we are doing something cool , and it ' s a great achievement .                                   
As you many of you know , our staff and volunteers have been actively searching for this dog that was abandoned outside of our facility on Monday evening .                                       
The team of Ohio State researchers set out to determine what role being married plays in the success of a weight loss surgery .                                                 
More than 100 , 000 people helped ring in the new year in Brisbane , an hour after the rest of the eastern states .                                               
I had filmed up until then because it was my job , because history must be recorded , because an image can change the world , because everyone had to contribute somehow to the revolution .                         
The plane was forced to return to London City Airport and make an emergency landing , but no one was hurt .                                                     
You can get a jump on your resolution to drop a few pounds in 2016 - and it won ' t be hard at all .                                             
It ' s amazing that just a few months ago I struggled to walk for long periods of time and now I ' m dancing for an hour without having to stop .                               
After starting in the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam , the plane ' s last confirmed location , search efforts expanded west into the Indian Ocean .                                           
The analysis compared costs on more than 200 routes between 2010 , when the coalition came to power , and when the new prices come into effect on Saturday .                                     
I came from a council house and a working class background and I earned my money and I earned it with very hard work and I loved it .                                       
We have a very good group of young players and they will know how painful it is to lose today and it will give us that extra push to achieve things .                                 
" The rate of growth in Africa is higher than that of Western markets and other parts of the world , so it ' ll continue to become a larger and larger part of our revenue ," he said .                 
In Sweden , the prosecutor needs to file an application to the district court within 48 hours after a suspect is arrested .                                                   
He ' s also begun working to appeal to the minority voters who were key to the Obama coalition -- but whose support Sanders hasn ' t yet won .                                     
The hope is that all of them will be up and running by July , and that 4 , 000 food bank users will receive some form of financial help and support via the scheme this year , rising to 7 , 500 in 2017 .     
But by investing everything in online dating , we are constantly passing up opportunities that we come across every day .                                                       
Last week , he sent a clear and public warning to Clinton , saying he is looking at a Sanders endorsement because he wants to hear more from the former New York senator .                             
I figure if this kind of photo is going to be out in the world it should at least be an image that makes me happy ( and be one that was taken with my consent .                       
As I ' ve been told many times , you can ' t take care of Africa too much because Africa will be the first to let you down .                                     
We don ' t mind the asylum seekers , but we could do with some other towns taking them in as well .                                                   
Given early intervention is more cost effective for the government why create a scenario where it is likely these things will be picked up much later and be more expensive to treat ?                               
At least 29 deaths have been reported in the US since Friday , while airports and some government services were closed .                                                     
I ' d be lying if I said that wasn ' t something I feared , and that ' s the big reason so many people haven ' t come out .                                 
When we heard the Iraqi army was coming , we were very happy , but at the same time afraid because of the war .                                               
" It was difficult to get into the game , but it has served to wake us up ," he said .                                                     
Maybe they ' re trying to make up for something that they didn ' t do when they were younger or something that they did do , maybe they want their kid to live up to them .                     
And with the Sky Blues now one point from the top of the table , their new model may not likely change in the immediate future .                                           
I think we have enormous problems facing this country and I think we got more things to worry about than bill Clinton ' s sexual life .                                           
His party has called for a cap of 200 , 000 asylum - seekers in Germany a year , a demand its lawmakers are likely to repeat at a meeting with Merkel on Wednesday .                           
It ' s not every day you play against a Premier League side , so you just want to do your best .                                                   
Scotland ' s trade unions and even the Bank of England have recognised it - building our future on oil and gas is simply not an option .                                         
Three days later they were released and headed to Atlanta , where they hired a lawyer to help with their asylum claim .                                                   
If you want a more competitive Europe , where the single market is completed , where there are more trade deals and fewer regulations : join me in making that case .                                 
The results showed that there was a zero per cent chance of the women being sisters , at 150 , 000 - 1 odds , and neither did they share one parent .                               
The development would stretch along the area immediately north of the Scotland - England border - either as one site or three separate areas .                                               
But we had a good lunch and a great conversation about all kinds of things on the Friday before the World Cup semi - finals .                                             
So rather than spending a week with the family , limit it to four days and do something else the other three .                                                   
We hope that the media now take this opportunity to provide serious and comprehensive information about sexual violence , so lots of people know about it .                                           
I felt like I was in the warm embrace of the NHS - if only everybody could have this level of care .                                                   
We ' ve had a good run , could ' ve been better , obviously , but I appreciate everything he ' s done for me .                                           
About 1 , 000 young men - many of North African or Arab appearance - are believed to have arrived in large groups , seemingly with the specific intention of carrying out attacks on women .                         
" They have physical presence and technical ability and deserve to be where they are in the league ," he said .                                                     
It ' s a significant development that strikes at the very heart of the EU project - the free movement of goods and people across borders .                                           
A family member had reported the three missing on 16 December with the police speaking to Mr Simpson - Kent that day .                                                   
He added : " I have been a local resident for 15 years and have had my office here at the same local address for over 30 years .                                         
It comes as new reports emerge suggesting British special forces have been sent to Libya in a bid to halt ISIS ' s advance .                                               
There ' s enough books for the children to have one in school , one at home and a different book every day of the year .                                           
There is no longer a threat to lives and homes but the Department of Fire and Emergency Services has warned that there is still smoke in the area .                                       
The option to show live video is being turned on Thursday for everyone in the U . S . with Facebook ' s app installed on an iPhone .                                       
He has been jailed for five years and seven months for his part in an effort to supply £ 100 , 000 - worth of drugs .                                           
I ' ve pulled out of a lot of games through injury and I was out for two years from international football with my knee .                                             
Women ' s state pension age was 60 but is increasing to 66 by 2020 , in line with rising life expectations , a change that many weren ' t informed of .                               
He has hired an expensive group of lawyers who he hopes can secure his freedom and prevent him from spending any longer behind bars .                                               
" You ' re only as strong as your squad and it ' s important that , when they ' re given the chance , players who haven ' t had much rugby take it and they certainly did that ," said Young .         
Our response officers have been sent to the locations to ensure there is no threat to anyone ' s safety and support the schools ," he said .                                         
He said that they are usually turned down , but each one means a judge has to schedule a hearing .                                                       
Ben , meanwhile , offers a medical perspective : " From a keep - fit point of view , it ' s pretty good .                                                 
He is well - loved , respected and supported by his family and friends and the community here in San Diego .                                                     
It seems this is a one - off situation and not really in character and I want you to prove that to me .                                                 
One resident said they are " dying in slow motion " due to a lack of food , water , and medicine .                                                   
But by the end of the day , it had become a desperate call on Facebook to find donors who could match the rare blood type of a crash victim .                                   
A Victoria Police spokeswoman said the pair demanded drugs and cash from the woman , which she did not have .                                                       
I didn ' t feel I was missing out not having a partner with me - my support network was so strong .                                                   
I just thought it was quite strange because if police turned up at my door with something serious I would have invited them in .                                               
He said though it was probably the first time that he had called for it in a " formal way ," he had been against the practice for many years .                                   
But getting back into Canada took four hours of questioning by officials concerned about why he had been in Syria .                                                       
And I don ' t know if that is going to have to have us wait until the car comes out .                                                     
ISIS ' s bombing and shooting attacks on Paris that killed 130 people in November had already led France and Britain to step up their bombing campaigns in Syria and Iraq .                                 
She is now looking to speak to people who are in the process of fighting for custody of their pet or who have been involved in a pet custody dispute in the past to help build on her research .                 
I ' m not sure if that comes down to anything , a lot of the boys are used to playing there by now , it ' s quite a big pitch , maybe it makes a difference .                   
" There cannot be any negotiations as long as the humanitarian issues have not been discussed or implemented ," he said .                                                     
It was a moment that was captured in a few seconds by Ken without any pre - planning and is one of Ken ' s best loved images of Bob Dylan from this period .                           
That year I interviewed three 15 - year - old girls in Yorkshire who have been on Facebook since the age of ten .                                                 
So for Hillary Clinton to claim she ' s out there for fighting for women , that takes that issue off the table .                                                 
Some spots could see more than 2 feet of snow , which would make this storm the biggest to hit the area in more than 90 years .                                         
I ' ve got worse since this started , I ' ve isolated myself even more over the last couple of months .                                                   
Even the characters won ' t be able to explain why they do what they do , perhaps until weeks or months later .                                                 
" We were buying him when they were cheap and it has taken everyone 10 years to take up ," Ryan said .                                                   
The second goal killed the game , but it was a good experience for the players and a great day for the club .                                                 
Michigan State ( 17 - 4 , 3 - 4 ) has lost three straight and suddenly looks nothing like the top - ranked team it was earlier in the season .                                 
Donald Trump made two false statements on ABC ' s " This Week " while discussing foreign policy and the Republican presidential primary .                                                 
I never used to get too wound up or worried about things ," he said , as he discussed how his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte have affected him .                                   
Police have received a lot of cell phone footage from the evening that will take time to work through , he said .                                                   
The hour - long debate on Monday is being hosted by independent think tank , Institute of Welsh Affairs , before an audience of 400 people at Cardiff Bay .                                     
To voters , the country ' s relationship with the U . S . is likely to be less important than Iran ' s domestic economy .                                           
Russian authorities have banned four athletes for doping offences , their first sanctions since the country ' s global ban from competition .                                                   
The US company announced earlier this month that it had added 130 countries , including Indonesia , to its service - taking it almost worldwide .                                             
But he made his a spectacular claim to the crown here without having to remove or wet down any clothing .                                                       
In the second call , a few hours later , he added : " I will have to arm the people and get ready for a fight .                                           
A US - led coalition of of Western and Middle Eastern countries began air strikes against IS in Iraq in August 2014 and in Syria a month later .                                       
The storm is forecast to head north toward New York City later in the day , with Philadelphia and New York expected to get 12 to 18 inches of snow .                                   
To call the American football Super Bowl , which takes place a week on Sunday , either soft or global is more of a stretch .                                             
We have got to have , I think , a very adult argument in the Labour party about this - not in public I hope , not in the way in which we have occasionally argued publicly recently .                   
And that was until conservative Texas Senator Ted Cruz was asked right at the start what message Trump ' s self - chosen absence would send to the voters in Iowa .                                 
We take a look at exactly what you ' re covered for - and what you ' re not - should the worst happen .                                               
" For several years , I blocked it as though it happened to someone else just so I could move forward with my life ," she says .                                         
I just want to warn other people in the area that even if they think their property is safe with CCTV cameras this can still happen to you .                                       
The UN Security Council is to discuss the matter behind closed doors on Monday , although no decision is expected .                                                       
The others I see when they can get off work , so about every couple of weeks and one of them about every four weeks .                                             
A push to have the general secretary and other party officers elected by a ballot of all Labor members has previously been rejected .                                                 
This approach of working with local partners has reached 200 , 000 students in China , says Mr Hill and the Open University hopes to reach similar numbers in India .                                   
And fewer boys than girls made at least the expected level of progress - 65 . 9 % of boys opposed to 76 . 5 % of girls .                                       
He was taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries , but they are not thought to be life - threatening .                                                     
Australia is a place where you get good competitive cricket and I feel that actually helps you gain experience much faster .                                                     
" I was hoping my mother was one of the passengers that got injured , so I called hospitals in San Jose and I called emergency rooms , but they said my mom was not on their lists ," he said .             
They [ the authorities ] know exactly who is doing it and , if they wanted to stop it , they could stop it today .                                             
During the fourth quarter , the South Korean tech giant reported a 40 per cent year - on - year drop in net profit .                                               
Women can go to weight loss classes for support , but men struggle to find groups that actually interest them to lose weight .                                                 
Clinton ' s wife Hillary Clinton is now running for president , and Bill Clinton has recently hit the campaign trail to support her .                                               
He said : " I wanted to come and have an interview with you as well , that ' s the reason why I ' m here .                                           
Mr Osborne also warned that the UK must be prepared for the prospect of the first interest rate rise since 2007 .                                                     
In 18 games for his new side he ' s scored 13 goals - including goals in six consecutive matches .                                                       
You just have to trust a little bit the work that you ' ve already done last year and see what happens .                                                   
" It ' ll be nice to get around a few of the boys that I ' ve played a lot of cricket with growing up , and to get to grade training this week ," he said .                   
A few of us on the bench , we were just like , ' Man , let ' s just keep it close for a while .                                             
The only way that we have an economy where people aren ' t losing their health care is if Hillary Clinton becomes president .                                                 
" It is an opportunity to come together as one , not only as a football club but as a wider community ," he said .                                             
It ' s like anything , you hope that people are safe and well , but you have to do the right thing .                                                 
You want to go [ overseas ] because you want to see someone in the family that ' s old ... my wife had a sister in Italy , she wanted to spend time with her before it was too late .             
The review process is likely to run throughout this year , in several stages , with a second consultation expected on detailed changes to the rules before the commissioner makes recommendations to MPs on the updated code and guide .                 
But a letter arrived on 24 December asking Thomas to attend jury service on 15 February , just days after he would have turned 21 .                                             
Sanders ' campaign has responded by questioning Clinton ' s commitment to gun control and trying to line up with Obama .                                                     
There is no doubt that he is a very , very good player but at this moment he is not available so we don ' t have to talk too much about him .                             
Though Hillary Clinton officially entered the presidential race in April 2015 , her husband hasn ' t yet had a speaking role .                                                   
It ' s interesting she felt the need to sell the idea to men , too , but she ' s right - strict gender roles harm everyone .                                       
So , let ' s work out how much you pay - and how to make sure you don ' t pay too much .                                               
" I ' m here " cause he invited me ," one college - aged kid said , pointing at a friend .                                                   
The report read , that when asked exactly how he was in fear , he said he had heard the passengers making threats .                                                 
" They grabbed our arms ... pushed our clothes away , and tried to get between our legs or I don ' t know where ," one victim told the BBC News .                               
That ' s because we have a national economic plan that backs business and skills , and is delivering growth , high employment , and rising wages ," the Chancellor is expected to add .                           
If you asked me before if I could do any of those things , I ' d probably say no .                                                       
One major difference is the change from daily to weekly recommended units -- which they say is to make the guidelines easier to follow for the majority of the population who do not drink regularly .                         
" Three times [ in a row ] would be great but one of the most difficult rounds is the third round ," he said .                                             
As the former British ambassador to North Korea , I was in Pyongyang when they began their nuclear testing programme in 2006 , in the face of almost total international opposition .                                 
But it paid off , because this week I ' ve walked off the court after very long matches and not felt tired at all .                                             
It said the licence was granted recently and a spokesman told Reuters it was issued towards the end of last year .                                                     
Police issued an appeal to find the man following the incident in September last year , but have now confirmed the man is wanted in connection with a number of other similar incidents in the area .                       
The 26 - year - old has made 27 appearances for his national team , scoring 10 goals , and represented his country at both the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games .                                 
It ' s true that we have lost important points that could have given us a bigger advantage in the table , but , overall , we are having a very good season .                             
And just because the comic book readers might not number in the millions doesn ' t mean they ' re not important .                                                   
" I felt Howard didn ' t get a fair shake to realize the value of our company ," he explains .                                                     
One source said aides to the three - term mayor are looking at ballot access issues , but the source refused to speak specifically about what Bloomberg , 73 , asked to be done .                           
An emergency board meeting was held on Monday after the inquiry showed the trust failed to investigate his and other deaths .                                                     
There ' s no question there ' s pressure on costs , but the pressure to have entitled and finished lots on the ground is bigger right now .                                       
" I was driving and I heard him on the radio and it changed everything ," he said of the moment his life took a different turn .                                         
It comes amid a custody battle between the singer and her 47 - year - old ex husband that is being played out in court in New York .                                       
Merkel declared today that refugees who have committed a crime - even those who have not been given jail terms - should be required to leave Germany .                                         
The Broncos now can secure the top spot and home - field advantage throughout the playoffs with a win over San Diego .                                                   
As of one week ago , in fact , you were the only one in the Republican field who had not made a campaign visit to this state .                                       
He launched a research effort into his chances as an independent ahead of the 2008 campaign before ruling out a bid early in the primary fight .                                           
It doesn ' t guarantee it can cover big losses , but in five years its British parent has not had to draw on its fund , which is close to £ 1 billion .                           
Apple still has a lot of value , a lot of cash flow , so it ' s not to say the company is in trouble .                                           
I think it ' s a lot of easier for women now than it might have been back in the old days .                                                   
" Because you have to meet expectations and the expectations are very high , that gives a lot of pressure for the players ," he said .                                           
It is not going to help those hundreds of soldiers who are already victim to the investigations and action needs to be taken to help them .                                           
Simpson - Kent is believed to have fled after the deaths of his family members ; he was found by police after locals recognised him from social media , according to press reports .                             
I imagine England ' s players won ' t like the fact that he ' ll work them harder than ever .                                                     
If you would like to share a photo of the book you are reading , or film your own book review , please do .                                               
We are running ahead of Secretary Clinton in terms of taking on my good friend , Donald Trump , beating him by 19 points in New Hampshire , 13 points in the last national poll that I saw .                   
I think it is funny , there are certain things we ' ll be OK with , but [ people ] don ' t realise that there are lots of things that can fall into that in - between category .               
The flat was at the centre of things : six or seven very important interviews ; a domestic life , and a lot of hard work .                                           
On top of this , we might consider the fact that Brady himself has rarely produced his best in visits to Denver .                                                   
As it turned out , Kelly had no chance of saving his job , and his season ended one game early when he was fired early Tuesday evening .                                       
It ' s a similar story for point guard Chris Paul , whose average of 32 . 0 minutes is down from 34 . 8 .                                             
He said the two - month - old boy had died of " significant " injuries at a Victoria Point home on June 28 , 2014 .                                           
By last October , US unemployment had fallen from the post - crisis peak of 10 % to 5 %, bringing it back close to the pre - crisis low .                                   
Jessica Simpson is seen outside a friend ' s birthday party in Hollywood , Calif . on June 20 , 2015 .                                                     
We ' ve asked on many occasions over many years and we ' ve always suggested that we ' d like to have a conversation with his department about the issues that we see .                           
Police are expecting around 1 , 000 people to gather in front of the city ' s main train station , German media reports say .                                             
But with so little research to go on , there is not going to be a working vaccine any time soon .                                                     
Two train stations were closed in the German city of Munich on New Year ' s Eve amid fears that militants were about to launch attacks .                                           
It ' s easy to know what you care about and pretty simple to get a group of people together to talk about it .                                               
Most teammates and coaches looked all business when they stepped into a packed room for campus media day last week .                                                       
The race for the Republican presidential nomination has time and again come back to the issue of illegal immigration , but new data suggests the debate has left out some key context .                               
A New York Times analysis has confirmed the trend , showing that some of Trump ' s support is coming from Democrats in conservative states .                                             
The single biggest question of his career - whether to leave the European Union - and his cabinet won ' t back him .                                                 
She had become pregnant by him late last year and before being hurt , she had told a number of people she did not want to keep the baby .                                     
They ' ve gone after him , they ' ve destroyed him , and yet Hillary ' s flying safe and she did 100 times worse than what he did .                                   
Social media continues to provide agencies and individuals the most direct route to share local knowledge , experience and appeals for assistance .                                                   
Iowa is a very white state , and Sanders followers are not known for their diversity , but we do see several people of color , all suggesting the beautiful mix that is America .                           
A male user also defended the man ' s wife , saying : ' I ' m a 25 year old male and aside from this print , I wear nearly exactly that every single day when I get home from work .             
As a practical matter , we should assume that anything posted will eventually become public , and that present and future employers , among others , will see it .                                     
Perth are a good team and they ' re not going to make it easy for anyone , let alone us coming across there .                                               
I know I ' ll never go back to the old Martin and I truly believe that if I can do this , absolutely anyone can !                                           
For kids going through trauma , to be able to do kid things , that ' s such a big thing .                                                     
It was particularly disappointing given her success in reaching the 2014 U . S . Open final where she was beaten in straight sets by Williams .                                           
There were still eight minutes left , including five of added time , for United to level after the goal .                                                       
Graham doesn ' t receive a lot of care , though there ' s help at hand in case he falls or anything happens .                                               
" We need to win the election , and the best way to win the election is give people a choice ," Ryan told Fox News , speaking generally about the two parties " platforms .                         
' We couldn ' t afford to live on the wages I was getting so we decided she should get married as soon as possible then head home .                                       
The plans would apply to A roads , which are managed by local authorities , and make up 24 , 000 miles of road around the country .                                         
They found that many claimed to be from Syria but were mostly from North Africa , a suspicion which has already been widely reported .                                               
" We ' ve said that the decision they made to put fire in and around the fire was the right decision ," he said .                                             
The U . S . and Russia agree on the need to get the two sides talking about Syria ' s future but are split on most other issues .                                     
The video includes recent footage of police shootings and violence against African Americans in Ferguson , Missouri , and Baltimore -- and claims that this is what is in store for American Muslims .                             
In NATO ' s annual report released Thursday , the U . S . estimate stood at 72 percent of total spending .                                                   
On the one hand it ' s sad for Wales and Welsh rugby in the short term but all credit to him as an individual .                                             
This certainly raises questions about the so - called legal advice she claimed to have received from inside the State Department that what she was doing was proper .                                       
The Islamic State group , which now controls large parts of Iraq and Syria , has killed thousands of civilians in the past two years .                                             
Unfortunately it quickly became apparent that due to the serious injuries suffered in the incident , nothing could be done to save the woman .                                               
Some have recently arrived in the country , others are new to the area , and during the course of a year a significant number will leave and more will arrive .                                 
Brazilian researchers believe that Zika came to their country during the 2014 World Cup when hundreds of thousands of visitors visited Brazil .                                                   
I don ' t think there is any other response to the crisis than to try to improve the lives of refugees where they are .                                             
At this time our investigation does not involve any offences of physical sexual assault and we have not identified any victims connected with the school .                                             
So knowing what to do in a certain situation , like keeping calm , only comes with experience and that ' s why you probably see some of the more experienced players performing so well .                         
Cruz doesn ' t hide the fact that he was born in Canada and he definitely believes he ' s eligible to run the country .                                             
" The big issue is trying to have their investments keep up with the cost of living , and that ' s difficult ," he said .                                           
The policy is being reviewed at the moment , but it really goes to the heart of the whole point of the role of government in higher education .                                       
" Five to seven of my patients every month are having second thoughts about getting pregnant now ," he says .                                                       
You do that , and I ' ll be happy to serve it right up to you ,' he allegedly said .                                                     
So if a person ' s celebrity is below a certain level some of their fans may have missed news of their original death .                                               
Labor groups and workers keep pushing for higher raises while many business groups say raises could come at the expense of jobs .                                                   
The move , which will still need parliamentary approval , follows the New Year ' s Eve attacks , which sparked outrage in Germany .                                               
There remains some uncertainty over the exact track and intensity of the storm , so people are urged to keep up to date with the latest UK forecast and severe weather warnings so that they can prepare for the weather .               
The performance wasn ' t there to be honest , but the work rate is always there and when you have work rate you always get the success that you need , want and deserve .                         
That ' s the kind of power and talent that he has out there - it ' s just a matter of doing that week in , week out .                                     
The report had been due for publication in October 2014 but the Indian government had chosen to keep it secret .                                                       
We don ' t have the luxury of not trading , so we need to be back up and in business as soon as possible .                                             
I ' ve made the film to ask these questions , and audiences will have their own views on all the issues raised .                                                 
He ' s played a lot of big matches in his career and been at the top of the game for the last few years .                                             
" It ' s amazing someone would continue to fight for you even when there might not be anything for them in the end ," he said .                                         
We had a lot of possession , we had bad luck in a few situations , but that ' s not what I want to see to be honest .                                     
At this stage we don ' t know if they will be severe , but we are expecting them to be slow moving again .                                               
' It ' s going to be five bedroom ,' he said , and estimates so far it will cost £ 76 , 000 .                                               
He may have read for something else , but I ' m a huge David Bowie fan , and I ' m lucky enough to know his son .                                       
They don ' t like it as they don ' t know what is going on in the game when they are not online .                                               
Or that of being left out in the cold , like Norway or Switzerland , with the rules set by an EU in which you have no voice ?                                       
Even if the entire fleet was in the South China Sea , he said , he ' d still get asked whether the U . S . was bringing more forces .                                 
In fact , the main problem facing train operators is one that other industries would love to have : too many customers .                                                   
' At the moment we have about 25 brands on board and we expect that as we roll out across Australia every major brand will take it on ,' Mr Ray said .                               
When someone is lost , with no memory of who they are or how they got there , how do they get home ?                                                 
The video has been viewed more than 35 , 000 times on Facebook and 24 , 000 times on YouTube in less than 24 hours .                                             
Colombia has the second highest infection rate after Brazil , with more than 13 , 500 people infected with the Zika virus and the disease could hit as many as 700 , 000 , its health minister said .                   
I ' m not from a wealthy background , and last term I had to work two jobs , which really affected my studies .                                               
And what of those men and women ( though the latter are still under - represented in the industry ) at the front of the plane ?                                           
" To be honest with you ," John said , " I ' m not the sort of person that needs to take drugs or alcohol .                                             
" We take the matter very seriously and , having quickly informed the authorities , we continue to work closely with them during their investigation ," the school spokesman added .                                   
The State Department made the emails public after failing to meet a court - ordered goal of releasing 82 percent of the 55 , 000 pages of emails Clinton turned over to the department last year .                       
The first , reported by CNN , raised questions about Carson ' s claims he had been violent as a child .                                                     
" The general thought among most of us was they weren ' t going to launch that day because of the weather ," Hall recalled .                                             
He speaks with a painful resignation that many in the group share , knowing that with the death of his son , the chance to carry on the family name is no more .                             
I know he wants to write a little bit more history , but so far it ' s been pretty impressive .                                                     
The things that have happened to me in my career when they put -- well , she was the first or she did that , it ' s really not about me .                               
When it comes to getting into a nice dress or not growing out of old clothes , I cut out bread and red meat .                                               
1 The government of which country held a referendum , didn ' t like the result , and decided to ignore it ?                                                   
If you are going into a public building and no one can see your face , that is a problem for security services , our security services have stopped a lot of threats going on .                         
I started posting on Facebook first - just for family and friends - because I was too scared to go public with it .                                                 
He then forced himself on her when she was 17 as she took shelter from heavy rain at his parents ' house , the court heard .                                           
He has reason to be proud of the achievement , and talking about it is one of the few times he ( almost ) breaks out of the corporate speak he is notorious for .                           
While Mr McDonald admitted to police that he drew the weapon , he said he did not point it at his passenger .                                                   
The EU imposed similar measures against Russian companies and individuals , focusing on sectors of the Russian economy that were close to the elite .                                               
But if I get elected president I will bring it back bigger and better and stronger than ever before and we will make America great again .                                           
If a majority in England carries a vote to leave , pressure will build for a second independence referendum to open a path back to the EU for an independent Scotland .                                 
Over the last little bit , the weight got to him , but I was really happy with the way he went through the race and came out of it .                                   
" At the start he played really well and got on top of me ... he ' s got a different game than older players ," he said .                                       
There is a lot of good people doing a lot of good work here but in these situations we just need more support .                                                 
Why anyone would need such a product is open to debate but it does raise the question about what " smart " really means .                                               
What he did was just amazing because he had amazing success when he was so young , almost a kid , and then he had a lot of injuries and he kept fighting until the end .                       
During the industrial dispute he was arrested twice and banned from going within two miles of a local coal mine .                                                       
It ' s not that far away , but the plan is to have him back firing for the Australia series .                                                     
A British - born mother - of - two who tried to take her children to Syria to live under ISIS has been jailed for five years .                                         
Until the science is more settled , let ' s make sure that health advice is based on real , human science .                                                   
He accepted the company previously had a good safety record and said evidence suggested it took work health and safety matters seriously .                                                   
For context , the only other time that a new record has been greater than the old record by this large a margin was in 1998 , officials said .                                     
He said : " I was on the floor working on one of the machines at the golf club and I couldn ' t get up .                                             
So I think it ' s best if the United States would once and for all determine for itself that sanctions don ' t work .                                             
We have previously expressed our concerns about the legal process in Saudi Arabia and have frequently raised these concerns at high levels of the Saudi Government .                                           
Some were told to register with a new practice an hour ' s drive away , meaning they had to make a 60 - mile round trip to see their family doctor .                               
The Gold Coast area has a growing population and again it could be thought to be the reason why more reports are being received from the area .                                         
The president is going to make this announcement soon , and there will be some important steps that he will take , but that will not be the end of this debate .                               
The 20 - year - old says : " When a photo comes up it makes me happy and it ' s nice to know I have another brother or sister out there .                               
The increase ended an unprecedented seven - year stretch of keeping the rate near zero to try to boost the economy .                                                     
The prime minister will be seeking to reach a deal on a package of reforms at a summit in Brussels on 18 and 19 February .                                             
' This led to a fight which is totally out of character for both of us and ended in his tragic death ', the letter states .                                           
The suicide note of a Dutch resistance fighter was finally passed on to his sons this November , 72 years after he ended his life .                                             
It wasn ' t the only out - of - control event that police had to break up on Saturday night .                                                     
He said it ' s important to provide a career path for employees and to reward them when they do well .                                                     
Reporter : Some headed to this Wisconsin gas station where last week two weeks apart two different million dollar winners bought their tickets .                                                 
" I was struggling with wanting to be the mom next door , who you like and you ' re on the same page with ," she says .                                       
However , we do have to take the context of the series as a whole and , therefore , this has been a successful Test tour for Cook ' s side .                                 
This is especially true when the economy is not growing fast and they have to bear the huge fixed cost of all the older permanent employees they took on in easier times .                               
The vast majority of people have been transferred automatically from the old to the new list but around one in 10 have not been , and new voters have to sign up as an individual from now on .                   
I spend a lot of time and a lot of hours trying to make sure that we ' re continuing to reduce our crime rate .                                             
" We don ' t want this to affect the political transition in Syria and the move to get the opposition groups at the table " with President Bashar al - Assad ' s regime .                         
Of course , the choice of which law firm will represent a bank on a big private deal will not lead to the next financial crisis .                                           
Police have named the man stabbed to death in a south London park yesterday morning as 30 - year - old Daniel Young .                                                 
Yes , this may make the game more accurate , however I believe it would be a huge loss to the game if this happens .                                             
You can see how the hole goes across in a line , almost as if it ' s moved with the sun .                                                   
Peter and Paul know exactly what they ' re doing and they wouldn ' t run the horse if he wasn ' t close to being right to go .                                     
The things you have to do away from home , I don ' t think we ' re very good at doing them yet .                                               
That has always been my dream as a young kid , and it still is my dream to play for Australia , to perform as well as I can and help the team as much as I can to get the best out of ourselves .     
Hunt has argued that under the new deal just 1 % of doctors would lose pay and those would be limited to doctors working too many hours already .                                       
Although he is not sure why he decided on the symbol as his signature , he will stick to using it until the federal government departments stop their opposition to it .                                 
Your daily look at late - breaking news , upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Friday .                                                       
And don ' t forget that it ' s also possible to cash in on clothes when having a clear - out .                                                   
I knew that I had the ability to do it , but I didn ' t think I could have gone on a run like that , win my first major , get to No 1 in the world .                 
" I am beyond delighted that one of the true stars of British television drama will be taking the Time Lord even further into the future ," he said .                                     
The regulator was originally due to hand down its decision on the Canadian infrastructure fund manager ' s bid by December 17 .                                                   
We are already in discussions with Welsh government , with the UK department of trade and industry in London , to make sure we can take these plans forward as quickly as possible .                             
A third group , who come to the UK temporarily to send money back home , see living on the streets as a way of cutting costs .                                         
" I don ' t want to play political consultant , because obviously what he ' s doing is working ," he said .                                                 
It now plans to make a final determination later this year with the change expected to come into force in 2017 .                                                     
But it ' s also important to understand how someone wants to live ; isn ' t what happens to us in life more important than the distribution of our assets when we ' re gone ?                       
I mean , who knows that answer , but my goal is to be as good as we can be , have as many guys as good as they can be and to be as fresh as we can be .               
' But when I did this signature all of a sudden I was receiving letters and phone calls telling me I couldn ' t ' have it .                                         
As actors , we know that every job you get could be your last and you ' re only as good as the last job you did .                                         
It was , she said in her first interview with a British newspaper , like a journey into a hell from which there seemed no return .                                           
" People are saying that ' s what they like , that ' s their style and what they want to eat ," he said .                                             
During a recent meeting , other students talked about how their parents also didn ' t understand how difficult law school could be .                                                 
In any stage of preparing to be a mum there are people who will judge the choice you make , even if things are out of your hands .                                       
He is in jail , and it wasn ' t known if he had a lawyer to speak on his behalf .                                                     
It is understood the letter was sent home with children on Monday after teachers noticed the ' shocking state ' of some pupils .                                                 
So far , Mr Cameron has insisted the Government is right to go to refugee camps and rescue those most in need directly - announcing last year 20 , 000 highlighted by the United Nations would be brought to Britain by 2020 .           
28 , even as a few black celebrities have decided not to attend the show for its lack of diversity .                                                       
The reasons are many , but mainly a sense of proportion , by which I mean the movie doesn ' t treat the reporters as bigger than the story .                                     
Oil prices began falling in mid - 2014 but have so far failed to deliver the kind of boost to U . S . growth that economists had expected .                                     
Many of his lines in " One Day at a Time " were his own , thought up on the spot .                                                     
At 28 , she is providing a completely new service in support of another service that did not exist until quite recently .                                                   
We had our fair share of patients during the day but the numbers have been really low in that regard .                                                       
" This kind of situation happens all the time , especially in winter , over the whole NHS ," he continued .                                                     
" I ' ve known him since I was so young -- since I was like 13 -- and we ' ve just been good friends over the years ," she said .                               
We are investing in our future and building more new facilities than we ever have in our history , whether it is L . A ., New York or London .                                   
It is true that increasing the penalties for such attacks as the only measure to combat the problem may not end it , but it would send a strong signal to the community .                             
And don ' t you just know that they ' ll be back again , and more , by next January ?                                                     
" I just feel like I ' m really confident in my game right now , not against her or against any other opponent " in particular , Williams said .                                   
After the proposed names are submitted , they will be open for public review for five months before the organization makes a final decision .                                               
And , in new information released to the Guardian , it showed that only one in 10 of those babies ever returned to its birth mother .                                           
From here it ' s a five - minute drive or half - hour walk into the village for the start of the race .                                               
I had a strong religious feeling that it would work , and from a scientific point of view it made sense .                                                     
Three of them spoke to the Associated Press about their post - trial struggles on condition that only their first names be used , citing concerns for their safety and privacy .                                 
" He just made some huge plays out there tonight that were needed to put his team in position to win - and that ' s what veteran guys do ," Jones said .                             
Is there maybe that middle ground that you need to be in , or have you been writing for so long now that you can just get stuck into a song regardless of your mood ?                         
I feel confident that if we can win here in Iowa , if we can win in New Hampshire and those are going to be tough races , I think we stand an excellent chance to win in South Carolina and in Nevada .         
That only came after Williams had already broken though , and by the ninth game of the set she would do so again .                                                 
The uncertainty created by this delay means that help and support for victims and vulnerable people may not be available in some areas , putting people at greater risk .                                     
To counter these threats , our police and security forces need to be able to act just as quickly and across borders .                                                   
The friends were on a free period when they headed towards the city centre to do some Christmas shopping on 17 December 2010 .                                                 
The US pay gap has barely changed since 2000 , while in the UK it has fallen by nine percentage points .                                                     
Two men , aged 20 and 24 , arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving have been released on bail .                                                   
In size , it is bigger than the Supreme People ' s Assembly of North Korea , second only to the Chinese National People ' s Congress and hardly more democratic .                                 
Most small shops along that stretch of Broadway , which normally would have been open for steady weekend trade , had closed by about 2 p . m .                                       
" There weren ' t many people earlier in the year who thought they could do it ," he said .                                                       
It will be very important to see changes in the area of tax reform , industrial relations , infrastructure and just trying to tackle the age - old problem of too much regulation .                             
An estimated 80 percent of people infected have no symptoms , making it difficult for pregnant women to know whether they have been infected .                                               
Once she had to hide in a locked court room because someone accused of domestic violence was loose in the building .                                                     
And even if early Alzheimer ' s or other forms of dementia exist , there are treatments that can help .                                                       
In February last year , North Korea ' s ambassador to the UN said his country was not concerned about the threat because it was not guilty of any crime .                                   
' There ' s been a few cars which have gone in the river in the past 10 or 15 years we ' ve been here , but none as bad as this .                             
Let ' s hope they remember that any war between the major powers will not determine who is right , but who is left .                                               
There was one male friend , however , who admitted after the session that it had been hard work to keep himself in check .                                               
The captain has the key to a safe to be opened in the event of war , if all communication with Britain has been lost .                                             
" Jay ... has been the one who has encouraged me the most and pushed me down the path of radio ," Brown said .                                               
This time , though , Martin ' s readers were quick to encourage him , with the more than 1 , 000 comments on his blog ranging from " Love your work , George !                           
People are seeing that you can go into real estate and do really well , and work on interesting things that aren ' t just working in a bank .                                     
We can play one match really well , and then the next , it ' s totally different ," he said .                                                     
And she has called for a new BBC Scotland TV channel to be created alongside a second English - language radio station .                                                   
It could also lead to the development of a new test that would help patients understand how likely they are to achieve a pregnancy before they begin the treatment process , the study found .                           
Even if the state thought it was doing good , Roger insisted , that was perhaps the most dangerous kind of policy , and where the journalist was most necessary .                                   
I think he ' s got a huge career in front of him and I ' ve liked what I ' ve seen so far .                                             
The Republican presidential candidate already had said he probably would not be going , accusing Fox News of " playing games " with him .                                               
In other words , I cannot even talk to another medical colleague about a patient ' s condition without that patient ' s consent .                                               
" Even if it is true , I don ' t think that is why he is there ," she said .                                                     
The Trump - Cruz - Clinton - Sanders - Rubio - Bush battle to become the most powerful politician in the world has a lot more chaos to come .                                     
I think the most important thing to think is starting easy and not going and playing the first matches 100 per cent .                                                   
Economic policy making is partly about expectations management and today George Osborne , the chancellor , is out trying to shape our view of what 2016 is going to be like .                                 
The opposition Syrian national coalition said on Sunday that 34 civilians , including three women and six children , had been killed since the Swiss talks formally opened last Friday - a week after originally scheduled .                       
You have to take into account many patients who are trying to work out what is wrong with them will have more than one [ specialist ] service to pay for .                                 
" I don ' t know what to say but I feel proud that my son has achieved this ," he told DNA India .                                               
" My entire career , I ' ve only really worked with the same subject matter ," Bowie told The Associated Press in a 2002 interview .                                           
Black and ethnic minorities currently make up more than a quarter of prisoners , even though they form 14 per cent of the wider population of England and Wales .                                     
The European Union last year committed € 1 billion ($ 1 . 5 billion ) to its multi - nation research efforts .                                                   
We want them to get in us and the show is designed so that if it all works it gets in you .                                                   
In its annual study of the UK ' s 63 largest cities , it found that all but one of the cities with the highest wages were in the south - east of England .                           
It ' s Friday today and after working hard all week , I treat my son and I to a coffee out and about .                                               
Maybe they still don ' t even know - apart from Williams signing for $ 32 , 500 to take the horse home .                                                 
' Of course , there ' s no way of telling whether these things work or not , but I felt as if it gave me a boost ,' she says .                                 
This is a black mark on the justice system as a whole , and should be recognized as much , while also giving these men the ability to live as normal a life as possible .                         
And it ' s true that this kind of accommodation carries with it more risks - particularly if you travel alone .                                                     
The same is true for our lives at the office - whether it ' s getting better organized on the job , not stopping every five minutes to check Facebook or speaking up more in meetings .                       
The deal faced regulatory challenges and questions about food safety from Congress , but eventually went through allowing me to make ' Chinese ' breakfast right in my own kitchen .                                   
She played seven minute against Adelaide and had to come out , she played four minutes against Melbourne and had to come out - she will be a huge out for us if she can ' t play .                   
Just a day later , Reuters reported that the Saudi foreign minister said the country will cut all commercial ties , put a stop to air traffic between the two nations , and ban its citizens from traveling to Iran .               
But do we , at some level , have to go on having some sort of relationship with them because we need a solution to the Syria crisis ?                                       
But it could be years before most of that money makes an impact on the lives of wounded service members .                                                       
You ' re one on one with the ocean and really enjoying it , which is a big part of the sport .                                                   
They are seeking to do something new and make a mark in a field of knowledge not dominated by someone else ," he said .                                               
Washington had won four games in a row , but its season ends without a victory over a team that finished with a winning record .                                             
She said she was in the car park when Campbell climbed into the drivers ' seat of a vehicle , prompting her to offer him £ 20 to get a taxi instead .                               
As we spend time with our families this holiday season , we who are parents should ask ourselves what we would do if our children faced the danger and violence these children do ?                             
Having lost the electorate ' s trust on the economy , we are in danger of going the same way on defence .                                                   
Up to 50 MPs are understood to have signed a letter demanding changes to the Government ' s proposed settlement with local government , which was published last month .                                     
Seven years ago , these were children in South L . A . and other working - class neighborhoods who had little or no knowledge of music .                                         
The bottom line is that I don ' t think people are really going to be motivated to vote for the EU on the basis that their mobile phone charges are lower now .                             
And it is great because it worked and everyone in the area knows me now so I never have any trouble .                                                     
" Many contracts that were put in place meant our products ended up in channels we didn ' t think were good for the business - we ' ve taken back control of some of these properties ," he said .               
But she said she wouldn ' t venture out to that other hidden beach again after the American tourist ' s death .                                                   
A friend of the victim later told police she looked over the top of the door and asked the girl , who was extremely drunk , if she was all right .                                 
As the first African American to head the academy , she has publicly led a three - year drive for a more diverse membership and privately opened her office door to women and minorities in the film business with concerns to air .           
But she ' s also made it clear that it ' s up to him to focus on his health and well - being .                                               
Although police confirmed the raid , they would not confirm , as claimed by the teenager , whether an FBI officer was present .                                                 
" Since 2014 , the number of days to reach 1 billion views has dropped dramatically ," YouTube said in a blog post .                                                 
You don ' t need to be the best cook , keep it simple and try cooking a little extra for the following day to save time .                                         
Some took the advice of authorities and stayed home , but here are some of the people who didn ' t get to stay dry .                                             
There does seem to be this whole new wave of very talented women who are writing smart and funny and very complicated male and female characters .                                           
The council then sent Mr Adams a formal stop work order and he was charged with carrying development without consent .                                                       
When he reached 12 , he knew he was more attracted to the boys at school than the girls , but it still did not occur to him he was gay .                                 
And of course with their fantastic infrastructure , and their huge fan base , I have no doubt China could put on a great World Cup .                                           
But now the Zika virus is believed to have a much more serious side effect , one that has authorities - even here in Australia - worried .                                         
I do that as a daily process , so that I lose that pressure of having to turn up and write something good on any given day .                                         
Djokovic broke Murray twice in a 30 - minute opening set , and twice again in the second and once in the third , and only had his serve broken twice .                                 
He says he dropped her off to catch a train back to New York City and that ' s the last time he ever saw her .                                           
The first arrests came within two days , and by 2007 most of the gang were at the Old Bailey on trial .                                                   
Prince George is held by his father , Prince William , in this photo released July 21 -- the day before his second birthday .                                               
" I never would have moved there in the first place if I hadn ' t been engaged ," she explains .                                                     
They knew I was suffering and I told them I didn ' t want to do it but they said it would be hanging over my head if I didn ' t .                               
" I have been here in England for almost 20 years and I feel that I ' m a little bit British ," he said .                                             
On a date , Robert keeps things moving by demanding his courses be brought to the table at the same time .                                                     
This was - and still is - music with a function , a tool to produce a result , much like modern dance music .                                               
For instance no case involving Wisconsin ' s special investigators has so far resulted in a prosecution , and Wisconsin has seen no charges brought in any of the 12 officer - involved deaths in 2015 .                       
The biggest thing I got from all the comments that he made was ' Don ' t blame it on anybody else .                                                   
In some cases , it can be very obvious that a patient has low blood pressure and a high temperature .                                                       
I ' m constantly thinking of what the next shot is going to be and how it can be put together .                                                     
Instead , Trump announced , he ' ll hold a competing event in Iowa , just three miles from the debate venue , that will benefit veterans on Thursday night .                                   
" I am not saying that there was no organization , but it is not organized crime ," he said .                                                       
But as noted above in the budget section , in 2016 / 17 the Scottish government will use its new powers to keep income tax the same as the rest of the UK .                             
And the television production operation , which started less than two years ago as a start - up , couldn ' t have started at a better time .                                       
It was the Belgian ' s first goal since August and one that felt like it would settle the tie in Tottenham ' s favour .                                             
But the gap between knowing a fact , and changing behaviour because of it , is so far not understood .                                                       
' With high levels of attention to detail and time management skills , you ' re capable of planning accurate flight plans and are driven to operate consistently to the highest standard .                               
' People don ' t know where they are when it comes to putting money away into a pension any more .                                                     
You will see over the next quarters the benefits of that and if that is after my time I don ' t mind .                                                 
A pressure group has claimed leaving the European Union could reduce net migration to the UK by 100 , 000 a year .                                                   
It now appears that they drove him out of his safety net , and back down to the coast , where he was caught .                                               
Another friend said : ' Only her mother and sister are left , and they never seek help , even though it is needed .                                                 
On Tuesday , I announced new steps I am taking within my legal authority to protect the American people and keep guns out of the hands of criminals and dangerous people .                                 
Costa has had a hand in four goals in his last two league games ( three goals , one assist ), the same total he managed in his previous 14 league appearances this season .                           
He is the first former head of state to come before judges at the world ' s first permanent war crimes court .                                                   
That was 18 years ago now , but I [ still ] don ' t have my full strength ," she says down the phone line .                                           
He was one of the few high - profile Scottish figures who refused to reveal his stance during 2014 " s independence referendum .                                                 
" I knew they if we showed a gay relationship on - screen , some people wouldn ' t like it ," he said .                                               
Until we understand the virus better , we will have to assume that getting infected during any stage of pregnancy should be avoided .                                                 
The 56 - year - old said : ' I started looking through the images on the back of my camera immediately after the attack and became very excited to discover that I had actually captured the event in detail .                 
On the off chance that your case ends up in court , this will show the judge that you acted in good faith .                                                 
A woman was allegedly caught drink drinking three times over the limit with a baby in the car , after she rolled a vehicle in the southern suburbs of Perth early on Monday morning .                           
In contrast to European countries , trust in the health system is extremely low , which is common among post - Soviet states .                                                 
There ' s never been an NBA season where two teams both won at least 80 percent of their games .                                                       
There is no one single recommended procedure , and the specialist will make a decision based on the individual circumstances .                                                       
He added : " If I were to release on bail there are substantial grounds to believe she would be a risk to herself and a risk of failing to attend for whatever reason .                             
And most of all , how am I going to be true to any child who ' s been in care ?                                                     
The books and the show are an honest look at what it is to be human , and sex is a part of that human experience .                                           
But plenty of other users think the measure is necessary , with some describing it as a " practical " move .                                                     
I know that my own husband would love to have an affair , and I would love him to have one , too , but he simply doesn ' t have the time nor the energy .                       
' Sometimes I just don ' t want to get out of bed in the morning because it ' s a longer day .                                                 
" You really want to know the truth ?" the 19 - year - old can be heard saying on tape .                                                     
" I saw the last couple of minutes when he was in that he was really trying to take over the game , and that ' s not him yet ," Scott said .                             
The U . N . Security Council , meanwhile , held an emergency meeting Wednesday behind closed doors and pledged to quickly implement additional sanctions against North Korea .                                       
The state ' s medical marijuana program is scheduled to begin Thursday , 18 months after lawmakers passed the law .                                                       
I really want to learn as much about it as possible and possibly do a course in it ,' she added .                                                     
The public now clearly share these concerns , with a third saying the Government are not at all aware how these cuts will affect disabled people ' s lives .                                     
Both Sanders ' campaign and the White House said Wednesday ' s sit - down has been scheduled for some time .                                                     
We ' ve got to establish the facts so we can get on and fix the workplace safety and sporting integrity issues that doping creates .                                             
And I feel like people forget that in our business , we can ' t act in a room : You need the actor , you need the writer , you need the director , and finally , you need the audience .           
This week the White House announced Obama would travel to Germany in April for an industrial technology conference , paying a last visit to one of his closest foreign allies , Chancellor Angela Merkel , before he leaves office .                 
However the public prosecutor has deemed this as a special case due to the nature of the crime and will ask for the boy to be held in prison until he goes to trial .                           
At 50 percent to the former secretary of state ' s 46 percent , Sanders ' narrow lead is also within the poll ' s margin of error of 4 . 8 percent .                             
CNN learned that individual is his son D . J ., who did not respond to a request for comment .                                                       
You should write back with evidence of the sale or purchase , the date of the sale or purchase and contact details of the previous or new owner .                                       
It ' s a challenge that I ' m going to face , I must accept , and hopefully I ' ll be able to give my best .                                       
" When I take her on , I guarantee you one thing : She will never get within 10 miles of the White House ," he said .                                         
Earlier in the day , prior to the Fox News press release , Trump asked his followers on Twitter if he should participate in the debate .                                           
It makes it very hard to plan my menu , because if the price is too low you won ' t get the high class people , and if it ' s too high you won ' t get the middle class people .         
One of those arrested , described only as a man , suffered non - life - threatening wounds and was treated at a hospital , the agencies said .                                       
Before the war , only 2 per cent of people went to university and almost all of them were men .                                                       
He tells me what I am doing wrong more than what I am doing right , which is really good because you need that extra push that makes you want to get better .                             
And with his new diet experts say there is no reason why he can ' t go on to reach his double hundred and more .                                             
Chancellor Angela Merkel will press Ankara to help stem the flow of migrants to Europe in talks with Turkey ' s prime minister .                                                 
But while the city ' s immigrant population will continue to rise sharply in the coming decades , the number of British - born people will continue to slowly decline .                                   
Of course I ' m pleased that I shared it and took action ; the support had been absolutely overwhelming .                                                       
In the city where it is said you can experience four seasons in one day , Andy Murray is preparing to face his third different kind of opponent in one week here at the Australian Open .                       
" I just can ' t have fun with drugs the way some people can ," she said at the time .                                                     
There was also an increase in the number of those saying that UK business would benefit from leaving , to 6 % now compared with just 2 % before .                                     
" I ' ll be in New Hampshire this evening and ... in Iowa for the rest of the week ," Paul said , while suggesting that he ' s also campaign fundraising this week .                         
There was no immediate response on Tuesday from Trump or his campaign to the news that the debate was to go ahead .                                                   
She added : " We recognise the importance of investing in education which is why , thanks to the difficult decisions we have taken elsewhere , we have been able to protect core 16 to 19 funding .                       
We hope that anyone in the Southern California area who is interested in art , craft and design makes their way to the show .                                               
His stage win and race leadership may be his first in the World Tour , but the fourth year professional is determined to make best his opportunity .                                         
People who might not normally be expected to go into [ sex work ] have gone into that because life is hard and it ' s difficult to make a living and that ' s the only option .                   
I drove the ball well and I ' ll need to keep doing that over the next three days to have a chance .                                                 
The agency did not provide any additional details on the Vermont senator ' s request , but it is an initial step for a presidential candidate to get the protection .                                   
But it is rare to play in any semi - final against a team who cannot play football , so we know it will be difficult .                                           
On average , in 2014 / 15 over 40 % of people said they went without clean water or food at least once or twice in the past year .                                     
Jason is very keen to help others with similar problems and believes he can support and guide people in the right direction .                                                   
" Their players were coming up to me after the game and saying that we didn ' t deserve to lose ," he said .                                               
I know we ' re going to be together forever , we love each other , we ' re one 100 per cent committed .                                               
As Rick pointed out in Mary ' s piece , this isn ' t a clean told you so moment .                                                       
' I didn ' t know him at all , no one really did , he wouldn ' t come out or speak to anyone .                                             
I certainly didn ' t learn much about your life and I wonder now why I didn ' t ask more about your job or your student days or what music you love .                             
Federal , state and military officials have been working together to draft plans to be followed when the " Big One " happens .                                                 
I should have asked myself more questions , especially to understand legally what was happening to me , because my position as an Italian citizen that has a state secret in another state is not a simple thing ," she said .             
" When you ' re not focused on the game plan and you don ' t pay attention to details , this is what happens ," Scott said .                                       
Indeed , taking into account the length of time since they won a Test match , that could extend to this past year .                                                 
Last year , more than 75 per cent of students at the university voted to keep formal academic dress a part of student life .                                               
He said she only let him know she would not be doing her shift after she was due to start working .                                                     
" There ' s been such a history of discrimination having to do with the Asian population that it ' s a part of the cultural DNA ," he said .                                   
The only thing is that we are only half - way , and if he ' s saying that at the end of the season , then it means we ' ve probably won something .                         
As it turned out , the " so long as they ' re the right ones " went without saying - publicly , at least .                                             
He said : ' Our selection process takes into account a number of factors with the aim of ensuring we offer roles to the right candidates .                                             
A ministry statement said he died suddenly on Sunday , but gave no further information on the cause of death or where it occurred .                                               
Gray , now 67 , told ABC News in 2000 that he was prepared to kill officers who tried to arrest him .                                                   
The nation ' s second - largest market hasn ' t had an NFL team since the Raiders and Rams left after the 1994 season .                                             
We know for certain that the actor filmed scenes for the new series , which arrives in April , but he played down their importance .                                             
We had been spending around £ 120 a week before my husband left and now we ' re down to just £ 10 .                                                 
Vietnam ' s most senior Communist leader has been re - elected in a victory for the party ' s old guard , prompting fears that crucial economic reforms could be held up in the fast - growing country .                 
Who ' d have thought that at the age of 63 , I ' d be worried sick about losing my home .                                                   
They are trying not to be left out in the race to return the NFL to the nation ' s second - largest market after a 21 - year absence .                                   
Because these so - called solutions that he ' s talking about , they would not have stopped any of these shootings ," Ryan said .                                             
If you want to spend a weekend in the heart of Paris , there ' s no place like the Bristol .                                                     
There is still a lot of work to do in this space and we will continue to work with these communities .                                                     
The new leader didn ' t want to form a completely new system , but just tried to give more freedom to the people .                                               
But it ' s also the way that health insurance works : depending on a large pool of healthy people to fund the higher health care costs of those who do get sick .                             
But , you know , it wouldn ' t have made a lot of difference to the match at all .                                                       
Britain ' s Chancellor George Osborne has urged closer business ties with China when he visited Shanghai , the country ' s commercial hub , on Tuesday .                                         
He worked for the spaces in and around the box and it would have been nice for him to score but it ' s OK .                                             
Researchers found that , overall , women who are paid less than men of equivalent education and experience are two and a half times more likely to suffer major depression .                                   
The doctor herself was criticised by Mr Justice Jackson for not filing an interim report in early 2013 ; her final version was submitted in June that year .                                       
It ' s unclear whether Perry will stay in Melbourne and switch camps , or head north to complete her cricket engagement .                                                   
They weren ' t that keen to have me involved anyway - but if I get in there , I ' m just going to cause trouble , because they ' re not going to do what I want them to do .           
And as we head into this year , never be afraid to tell the people you love , that you love them .                                                   
Those who say the economy and jobs are the most important issues pick Sanders 53 to 41 percent , but Clinton leads 50 to 44 percent among those who think health care is the top issue in this election .                 
19 to determine whether his case will be transferred to the adult system , where he could face more time behind bars .                                                   
Judge Watson said police were involved in the case but she did not reveal whether anyone has been charged with any offence .                                                   
The longer we leave it , we will just sleep walk into a disaster and that ' s my real concern .                                                     
I hoped he ' d get over it , but well into my career he asked when I was going to get a real job .                                             
And that was such a release of pressure of anger , and to me that was a very interesting result of giving a gift to a Nazi .                                         
Still , Chelsea played like champions once again and if Arsenal can take anything from this result it is the reality that the best , regardless of their form or position , rise to the occasion when it matters .                 
It ' s more like I say to my children - make a list of problems and then deal with them .                                                     
It ' s important that we continue to listen to the 3 . 7 million people who visit us every day and respond with even more reasons for them to come to our restaurants .                           
And even scoring three goals in a World Cup final , bringing the U . S . its first title in 16 years , hadn ' t changed that .                                     
At no point do I recall the authorities offering any sort of help - not that my parents expected it .                                                       
The sanctions would be the fifth round imposed on the Asian nation since the country ' s first nuclear test in 2006 .                                                   
The Panthers fired Fox at the end of the 2010 season , ending his nine - year run with the franchise .                                                     
' You have to feel the fear , I want to look back and think I tried that and it was a great success or I tried that and it didn ' t work but at least I tried ,' she said .           
In the middle of the factory we stopped and he pointed down to the end of the shop floor and told me that everything from where we were standing to the end of the factory , perhaps 100 yards , was new investment .         
Home Secretary Theresa May set out the scale of the problem in her speech to the Conservative Party conference last October .                                                     
But the woman had left her bag at his flat in St John ' s Wood , north - west London , so they ended up staying the night .                                     
" After 10 minutes at Chelsea it was a very , very good away game and from the first second against City ," he noted .                                             
But in roughly the past week , Trump ' s attacks , as they have with other candidates , turned personal .                                                     
The plan , unveiled last year , has been handed out to key officials so the state can respond quickly when disaster strikes .                                                 
There ' s no doubt that as a team we want to play exciting cricket , be really attacking with both bat and ball .                                               
And to mark the occasion , we ' ve picked our eight most important football video games of all time .                                                       
" There ' s no question we are feeling some wind at our back ," Harris told The Associated Press .                                                       
They should get a basic wage , with a bonus for their first time in the squad , another for their debut , another for their 10th start , and so on .                               
" The circumstances are the way they are , I ' m playing there at the moment and things are going well ," Bridge said .                                             
Two months later , China announced the end of the controversial one - child policy and said it was instead encouraging all couples to have two children .                                         
We wouldn ' t want to limit ourselves for one day in 20 or 30 years time , who is to say we can ' t have the biggest event in Australia here .                             
A Russian Twitter group could be behind a series of bomb threats which saw thousands of pupils evacuated from 14 schools in Britain and six in Paris .                                         
There is a process of change that is going to take place - that has been made clear by the leader himself .                                                   
Monday was the fourth time that I ' ve played him and I can see the changes and improvements he has made each time we meet .                                           
We are on track for a record crowd and our other exposure numbers across multiple platforms are also very strong .                                                       
The first thing [ one of the other doctors ] asked me is if I ' ve got any loved ones , because they didn ' t think I ' d make it through the night .                       
' Every time he came I didn ' t know what was going to happen , whether he would rape me or torture me or murder me ,' she told police .                                 
The waiting lists in my area for therapy are close to four months long and even then , you are often referred to something that you have either already done or something that did not work for you .                   
But I completely agree with [ US Secretary of State ] John Kerry ' s point - that although it ' s not a perfect deal , it ' s the best deal .                             
The consensus was for a 10 , 000 fall in employment , with unemployment to rise from 5 . 8 per cent to 5 . 9 per cent .                                       
South Carolina , which started the season with 15 straight wins , reached as high as 19th in its five weeks in the poll .                                               
If this is your pattern , try to zero in on what will best help you deal with your feelings .                                                       
I know in my own case if I was in a better mental health state this wouldn ' t have happened .                                                     
We ' ve said a few times we ' d love to win every game , but it ' s more about the development of these young individuals .                                       
It ' s just a decision in the next 48 hours whether we start him or he comes off the bench .                                                     
But she said it was during her time as social worker dealing with immigrant families that she converted to Islam in 2014 .                                                   
They remain the lead agency as we work together to gather information about the attack on their officer ," the FBI announced .                                                   
U . S . aircraft flying out of Japan will collect air samples off the coast of North Korea to determine exactly what kind of nuclear device went off .                                     
We ' d like to make it into something like a full ancient Greek festival , a whole day where you see all the complete plays and vote for the one that goes into production .                         
" We have basically been talking about how the court process will work , that ' s all we have been discussing ," he said .                                             
I ' ve been to a couple of Olympics , but it would be great to represent Australia at one more .                                                     
A foreign ministry spokesman said the " ball is in Pakistan ' s court " and the " immediate issue " was their response .                                               
Police made four arrests in or around the stadium - one before , two during and one after the game - for alleged minor public order offences .                                         
After spending weeks in the fall trying to paint Rubio as a moderate , Cruz had largely moved on , training his fire on Trump instead for the short - term .                                 
But scientists are clear that the vast majority of the warming seen in 2015 was due to the emissions from human activity .                                                   
Though it was fun , he said , they were concerned that the snow could block them in if there had been an emergency .                                               
When I had kids it got even harder and I never felt I was giving either them or my work the attention they needed .                                               
He also warned that decisions regarding migrants , which have been taken by other countries , have led to new routes opening up .                                                 
Sir Robert admitted there were ' several reasons ' why Russia wanted him dead - enough to target him on British soil , comments which have sparked an international diplomatic row .                                 
" We ' ll be sharing everything you need to know ... on Wednesday ," it said in a blog posting .                                                     
I think [ the manufacturers ] need to send these devices all over the world - there ' s a lot of opportunity !                                                 
It ' s pretty much a dream come true to get a chance to do that , and hopefully it ' s not my only chance .                                           
Just say , " I want to talk to my son ," and it might open a video call on the TV screen .                                                   
He was a great addition and made a real difference , especially to our attacking play as he showed us how to find space .                                               
' He had always planned on leaving and knew the application would not definitely be approved - that ' s why he bought his ticket , ready to return .                                     
Although I can ' t recall his name , I ' ll be for ever grateful to him for listening and helping me through that first 24 hours .                                       
For example , if you earn £ 30 , 000 - slightly above the national average - you ' ll pay nothing on the first £ 10 , 600 and then 20 per cent tax on the remaining £ 19 , 400 .           
' This situation I ' m going through is another experience , from which I will come out stronger , and very calm as I am once again within the law .                                 
Well , I am here to report that it was nothing like as bad as most of the things I have heard it compared to .                                             
The bank said in a regulatory filing that the settlement will have no impact on the bank ' s first quarter results .                                                   
He added : ' We will now continue to move further and faster in 2016 to clean - up the bank and improve our core business .                                             
Most of those who get Zika show no symptoms , making it tough for pregnant women to know if it ' s in their system .                                             
Even with slow economic growth , the U . S . has experienced a record - breaking total net worth every quarter since 2012 .                                               
Every other team in the National League West has appeared in the World Series since then , as have all but six other major league teams .                                           
That evening back at her home on Beach Lane , she was allowed out to play for five minutes in the school grounds opposite her house .                                           
" We ' ve played some really consistent cricket throughout the series and that ' s shown by us finishing on top ," she said .                                             
My family ' s around to make sure I ' m doing the right thing and staying out of trouble and focused on basketball .                                               
It ' s the first time we won ' t be playing in a final , but it ' s a tough competition and I ' m really proud of the boys .                               
But the move has been criticised by British MPs , who say that France should look after migrants at the point of entry , not in a locations that gives them easy access to Britain .                         
It ' s crazy how much pride people have when it ' s something they work for and not something they ' re given .                                               
The police came and put a protection plan in place for my home but there was no risk plan for work .                                                     
The court heard another man was arrested as part of the investigation as a result of the false information he gave police .                                                   
If this turns out to be the case , it would mean cycle safety campaigns will need to find ways of addressing the issue .                                               
David Cameron is hoping to strike a deal on London ' s relationship with Brussels ahead of a UK referendum this year on EU membership .                                             
The survey of 2 , 000 people , conducted on Wednesday and Thursday , found that 52 per cent believe Britain should remain in the EU and 48 per cent want it to leave .                           
No one wants the national team to have overseas trips and take their players away and play lots of games , but then , when we don ' t win games , everyone is up in arms that the team performed the way they did .     
It ' s like old England , full of landed owners who are asset - rich and cash - poor .                                                       
The City was encouraged by Sky ' s results with the company ' s share price rising 2 . 2 % in early trading .                                               
The coach of the team in each division with the highest points percentage on that date will coach that division ' s All - Star team .                                           
There will be five hours of coverage on Saturday and Sunday , allowing golf fans worldwide to see the final stages of the tournament .                                               
President Obama faced a room full a people gathered to talk about guns ; Anderson Cooper began by making it very clear that CNN had invited an audience that was on all sides of the gun control debate .                   
I feel like I did a good job of hitting them this year , and in the years to come , it will make me a valuable asset to the team .                                 
As a forward you are played on pretty tight every week and now that ' s just continuing around the ground .                                                     
" If I do well , if I ' m a story out of New Hampshire -- a big story -- I believe I ' ll be the nominee ," he said .                               
There aren ' t words for most of the relationships in English or in French - or if there are , they sound wrong .                                               
They made me feel better , and that is a route a lot of teenagers take - a route that , let me say right now , isn ' t the right one .                             
In October , authorities said they were hot on his trail , only to have him slip out of sight , though not before apparently breaking his leg .                                       
Brown has admitted he is keeping an eye on the market for a boom centre who is yet to play their best football .                                                 
As if the deaths last January weren ' t enough , we had to wait for tens of others to die to become aware of the danger of terrorism .                                     
I do think it ' s a shame that a lot of people didn ' t get to see him during the course of the year .                                           
" Since 2009 , we have provided over $ 4 . 5 billion of investment in North Queensland ," he told the ABC .                                                 
At the last German election , more than a third of voters were aged 60 and over - more than twice the number of those aged under 30 .                                       
Another added : " I have no more confidence for the whole board , especially also to name Mr Wales himself .                                                       
Over the last eight or nine months , we ' ve won a lot of cricket matches against good opposition - and I ' ve been a part of that .                                   
In 2012 , just six years after Facebook arrived here , it was the favourite website of ten - year - old girls .                                                 
But if someone tells me they ' d rather send a male journalist to cover a story because women tend to get too upset covering emotional issues , then I fight .                                 
The stock has been on a roll since just before Christmas , posting seven straight days of gains for a 15 per cent rise .                                               
He said the child had responded well to treatment and there were unlikely to be any long - term ill - effects .                                                   
This effort to pick up exactly where the restaurant left off includes bringing back many of the same staff in the kitchen and the dining room .                                           
I was there for one season , 2009 - 10 , a year without a summer break , with very long days .                                                   
We really want to build on that and it ' s not going to mean much if we go out on the weekend and put in a poor performance .                                     
The proposal also includes a small extension to the front of the former gallery building and the use of the existing library car park as a police staff car park .                                   
We believe the answers to our questions about what happened to this man lie in the community , particularly other members of the homeless community who may have been nearby at the time .                             
However , the government has since announced that it would instead speed up the sell - off of the area ' s public housing , with more than 50 more properties to be listed for sale this financial year .                 
However , if the speech is on the final day , journalists will have left the conference and the news agenda is likely to have moved on .                                         
Having joined the youth ranks and then made his senior debut in 1998 , Terry was appointed club captain in 2004 .                                                     
But it ' s grown up a little now , and might be ready for actually putting into your house .                                                       
Apple has come under scrutiny in recent years for the scale of its manufacturing in China and the conditions faced by workers .                                                   
Having grown up in an Asian Muslim household and community in Britain , I can recognise the symptoms all too clearly .                                                     
He wrote : ' My girlfriend of a year broke up with me by sending a video of herself singing a break - up song that she wrote .                                         
Sam never thought that he would be able to work behind the bar because of his sudden movements but his manager Chris believed in him and got Sam to channel his movements into dance .                           
However , they were keen to stress it may be many years before a treatment could potentially be developed using the technique .                                                   
We haven ' t spoken for two years because , as he puts it , if I don ' t want to hear his truth , then he doesn ' t want to hear mine .                         
The UK Foreign Office says people can search its website by country or territory to find out the latest situation .                                                       
There again , it is difficult to find a part of their game that is not in good working order .                                                       
But I have to believe , every time when I go against her on court , because when I played in Singapore , I have great memories from there .                                     
This case does , however , highlight the need for everyone to stay safe online , particularly when it comes to financial matters .                                                 
In the last four months of 2015 , I tried to find out with the help of a fitness expert and celebrity personal trainer who revealed the most important ways to find the right balance for your body .                   
He acknowledged the intense focus on the 2016 campaign , adding , " the other side may have some stuff to work out .                                                   
He said his own country was " too far ahead " of the rest of Europe in terms of the numbers of refugees it has taken as a result of the migrant crisis .                             
The incredible story from November of the team of Australian scientists who found an island that didn ' t exist .                                                       
Now that YouTube is back online , there are fears over the lack of transparency on the part of both the government and Google .                                               
" Love and art are , for me , the two things that are important in life ," he says and his romantic life has always fed into his work .                                   
His injuries were serious but non - life threatening and he was taken to Royal Adelaide Hospital for further treatment .                                                       
Liberal sources said Mrs Bishop , who has dominated the seat since 1994 , receiving more than 60 per cent of the primary vote at the 2013 election , is not concerned at the prospect of her childhood friend , Mr Smith , standing against her .   
But she still makes the effort to get around the city and take her mind off the task of defending her title .                                                   
It ' s great that I can actually give people at home an indication of what we ' re actually trying to achieve while we ' re out there in different situations .                               
The U . S . and South Korea have been pushing for tough sanctions against the North over its latest nuclear test on Jan .                                               
It should also be noted that not everybody who was successful will have been appointed in the same year as they applied .                                                   
" Most of my career has been spent working on stuff I won ' t let my children watch ," he says .                                                   
Although women were more likely to hold a degree than men , they were less likely to be in work or to hold a senior position , the report found .                                   
' If I ' ve got a free day at the weekend , I ' ll reach for the mountain bike and go out for a spin .                                         
It ' s sad what ' s going on there off the field , but the fans will be fully behind them and wanting to do well in the cup .                                   
The price of benchmark U . S . crude fell $ 1 . 85 , or 5 . 7 percent , to $ 30 . 34 a barrel in New York .                                 
But the President also has to try and convince Americans he ' s moving in the right direction when it comes to ISIS and terrorism and acknowledge the reality that his time in Washington is running out .                     
The woman later told police she left a house party in South Los Angeles on foot when a man drove up next to her and offered her a ride .                                     
His current club have confirmed they would be willing to listen to offers for the attacking midfielder , whose representatives are said to have received a contract offer .                                       
Sanders may never be able to beat Clinton with older women -- but to win the Democratic nomination , he ' ll need to win over younger women .                                       
" Nick is a fantastic player , but there are so many things that go into staying at the top of the game for a long time or winning the major events ," he said .                         
It ' s not a big field , but it will be good if we can get a bit of luck and we always need that .                                           
Jones ' s successor will not come from among England ' s coaches as they are unit coaches who will not have the necessary skills and experience to take the lead role .                               
But the best advice , especially if you ' re starting out , is to pick the kind of running that you enjoy and which you ' re likely to stick to .                               
' I ' ve given the boys a week away to make sure they can gather their thoughts and be around their loved ones , process what ' s happened and reflect a little bit as well ,' he told the Guardian .           
I do not believe giving free college to Donald Trump ' s young child is in the best interest of all hard working Americans who need help .                                         
It ' s just the sign of an athlete still with an idea about himself , the one he must have got as a child when he realised he was talented .                                 
We have to hold ourselves together and be strong , but it still seems like it ' s not real , like I ' m going to wake up , and she ' s going to come .                     
You have to really rely on the criminal process playing out in order to put yourself in a position that you ' re comfortable to actually know what the facts are .                                 
Where we played was where we ' ll play our finals if we go that far , it was definitely good to play on the main court in front of the Brazilian fans and see what it ' s like .               
I will always believe that people of good will on both sides want us to be one country , one great community where the whole is greater than the parts .                                   
We had to take the decision not to open the other two up for the safety of us and the other people who were there .                                             
The house will go up for auction on February 25 in central London and the guide price is more than £ 500 , 000 .                                               
Project their current points per game to the end of the season and they ' d get 73 points ; last season they got 75 , the season before that 79 , before that 73 , 70 , 68 , 75 , 72 .         
There ' s still got to be a lot changed before - if we go about having two games ( in 2016 - 17 ), three games or whatever they might think of in the future .                       
" We tried to go out there and be as positive as we could and we try and play with as much intent as we can ," Warner said .                                     
It was actually a writer friend and editor who put it to me that way - how do you tell a story over time - in time in space ?                                     
That is , how to ensure that people who need to work in the city are also able to afford to live in the city .                                             
He hasn ' t met the bar that voters have for someone ready to be the commander in chief and the president .                                                   
A lengthy legal drama that ' s gone on for three years , the next step will be the trail on 19 May .                                                 
Sen . Marco Rubio , R - Florida , said Sunday that the Republican establishment " thought I needed to wait my turn or wait in line " to run for president , but he thought the situation in 2016 was too urgent to delay .     
He also claimed for 34 train tickets - many of them first class - for his children to travel up and down to London since 2013 .                                           
I do not know why that is , whether guys cannot hold their form because of the games they play now .                                                     
That ' s one reason why the Chinese Communist Party announced in October that it was ending its one - child policy .                                                   
We never managed to win there , now we did and I thought it was a great performance from the boys .                                                     
I needed to know now like I have done every January , and sometimes it takes a couple of months to get done .                                                 
Liverpool are on fire because of their result on Tuesday , they play at home , and they have some great players , of course .                                             
But once cleared by the due process of military and civil law , they should be allowed to get on with their lives .                                                 
" We thought they ' d just get killed ," he says , so his officers simply noted the names .                                                       
About 30 , 000 Israeli high - school students go on organised week - long trips to Poland every year .                                                       
We ' re now going to tell you how we think a few selected league matches from across Europe will finish .                                                     
Several of those players are performing at career best levels too and while their statistics aren ' t always eye - catching , having settled roles on their teams shows the respect being established .                           
China ' s GDP figures released on Tuesday showed not only lower actual growth , but lower trend growth , he said .                                                   
I know we ' re not going to beat Hillary Clinton with a candidate who will say or do anything to gain a vote or raise money .                                         
The interior and justice ministers promised to bring down the full force of the law - even as the police had to admit that they as yet had no information to make individual arrests .                           
She lived alone after her third husband died but was in excellent health - until five years ago at Christmas .                                                       
I am not suggesting it is time to show more respect for others nor that they should show more for you but we must acknowledge how , where there is respect , progress can occur and where respect is missing , there can only be conflict .   
They made it very difficult to defend , so we had a few problems , although they didn ' t have too many opportunities .                                               
Several people familiar with the case told the Journal that the incident is the worst example of sensitive military technology falling into the hands of a nation under U . S . sanctions that they can recall .                     
It ' s tough to pick one of them as the strongest because all of those guys I think have been very tough to beat .                                             
Those included in the focus groups were Tory or SNP voters in 2015 but had backed Labour in 2005 and 2010 .                                                     
Maybe this is what ' s needed to get a deal done in San Diego , keeping the team in the city where it has played for 55 years .                                     
This is about protection , this is about help , this is about providing all the support you need to make sure your children are safe .                                           
You can ' t play anything less than your best and expect to win , because he ' s going to play well and he ' s going to have that team playing well .                           
" The conversation is not about him getting a tour card , it ' s potentially about how good he can be ," he said .                                             
The nation was forced to call in troops to " support efforts to care for refugees " in September as the numbers entering the city reached into the tens of thousands over the course of just a couple of days .               
" The artist has to welcome this as an opportunity , not just to sell art but to help the audience to better understand and appreciate what they are attempting in their work ," she says .                       
Harris wants another crack at Brown , who ended Harris ' streak of 35 games without giving up a touchdown .                                                       
In Spain it ' s difficult to come across the fresh ones , they ' re usually super deep frozen , but that one was fresh and very nice .                                     
She has told me she goes home for the sun but has never said where home is - I always thought she was Indian .                                               
More than 22 , 000 children , including an eight - year - old , were held overnight in cells in 2014 - 15 , police figures show .                                       
If I had the opportunity , there might be an important message there about beauty and strength in many other ways ," she said .                                               
My husband had bought a ship , and we decided to make it into a hospital , but that was the first little trigger .                                               
" I ' m actually going to go out on centre court now and hit some more balls , so that ' s my celebration ,"" the 20 - year - old said .                             
A Department of Health spokeswoman said : " The chief medical officer , with advice from a group of independent experts , has reviewed current drinking guidelines .                                           
I remember holding the baby and my mom ' s running with me and you don ' t know where you are .                                                   
Now he can ' t sleep and keeps looking out of the window to wave at the International Space Station .                                                       
A North Carolina woman and her former FBI agent father have been charged in the August murder of the woman ' s husband .                                                 
" Just getting as much treatment as I can and that ' s really the plan right now ," Stewart said .                                                     
She is due in court in Panama City next month - and if convicted , she faces up to 20 years in jail .                                                 
Police Scotland said there was potential for other streets in the town to be cleared as water levels continued to rise .                                                     
The message for Angela Merkel was loud and clear as Germany opened its doors to 1 . 1 million migrants last year as women held up signs that read : ' Mrs Merkel - where are you ?                       
I told him I hoped to hear from him when he was less busy , but realised afterwards that I didn ' t hope for that .                                           
He ' s asked me in the past many times , " When I ' m shot will you tell me ?" and I tell him I ' ll be the first one to tell you .                         
I don ' t quite have a plan , but I think now I sort of have a plan for how to make a plan for coming up with a plan .                                 
To future - proof the game and provide the time , and space , for key strategic decisions to be made in an atmosphere of calm , and from a position of strength .                             
It just takes a couple of major clubs to get involved and it will lift the bar for all the teams here .                                                   
But we ' ve got each other , a pretty amazing network of family and friends and we ' ve got two daughters to live for , even though they ' re not here .                           
I haven ' t tried to seek out anyone ' s opinion but it was the right moment to be honest .                                                     
" It certainly gave us a boost , it was like a late Christmas present but it was what everybody was hoping for , it ' s better than anything the kids would have gotten for Christmas ," she said , as more rain fell yesterday .   
There are a lot of people out there who don ' t have any hope that it ' s going to get better .                                                 
" I always knew I could do it ... and that ' s not being big - headed ," he recalled .                                                     
It ' s very sad when you see something like this happening ... because there is nothing you can do to help .                                                   
For some women this change in their body has an impact upon their emotional well - being and they feel it is important to explore the idea of surgery .                                     
It rose this year to 48 per cent this past financial year , up nearly one percentage point for every financial year since the government took office in 2011 .                                     
Merkel is directly involved in negotiating with Turkey to secure its external border while also providing decent reception conditions for asylum - seekers .                                                 
But when we got the call , our goal was -- we ' re not going to have them end up on the street .                                               
The conference which included representatives from the European Union , the United Nations and the US heard agencies must be innovative in intelligence gathering .                                               
I used to be a manager in a pub , but I wanted to have the night - times off to spend with my baby .                                             
The message from Chelsea was clear : if you are going to take our crown , you are going to have to earn it .                                               
I ' m also not telling you to do the same , if you ' re happy with how things are going , don ' t change anything .                                       
We don ' t earn a spread [ interest margin ], we charge a fee and we are the only guys not looking to provide money tomorrow .                                         
There are under two weeks for Premier League clubs to do the deals they think will help them achieve their goals .                                                     
I was promised me ice cream if I kept quiet , but I told my mom - multiple times - what he was doing .                                               
She described the pair as having a ' bizarre relationship ' where they advised each other about their ongoing trials .                                                       
In public services such as health , education and the fire service , industrial action would need at least 40 % of eligible union members to vote in favour .                                     
" What do you think when you ' re thinking about love - are you thinking in words or pictures ?" she asks .                                                 
The sanctions would be the fifth round imposed on North Korea since the country ' s first nuclear test in 2006 .                                                     
We will be cutting off all commercial relations with Iran and we will have a travel ban against people travelling to Iran .                                                   
She added that the diet must now be tested in clinical trials across a more diverse population before it can be recommended .                                                   
The trip took me three weeks , flying for around four hours a day , but I stopped along the way to visit friends and explore the southern states .                                     
Right now , what has changed with Ian is that he can play on his own , turn on the television , share a moment with his brothers , play music to them or tell them what he has been doing .             
He gives you the vision of being a fit and healthy person who no longer has to feel guilty about their health .                                                   
Once the product launched , positive reviews meant that investors approached the firm , rather than him being forced to seek out funding .                                                 
It ' s only been the last week or so I ' ve been going to the races , I ' ve been staying home watching the television .                                       
Jones said that he would do it , but only if he were given five minutes to talk about diversity .                                                       
The idea was that residents could eventually use their home as an asset to secure a loan for a small business , or to pay for better education for their children .                                 
In December ' s budget we saw the first steps in a major economic reform plan , the rest of which is expected to be announced in January .                                       
It was comfortable for Long to deal with but it was as if Manchester United had forgotten how to get men wide or make forward runs .                                           
On Monday , he ' ll be voted into one of the top political posts in California , the speaker of the Assembly .                                                 
Our reaction then and our attitude were good , we got the second and had a couple of wonderful opportunities .                                                       
3 when a relative dropped her off at her home in Park Forest , just south of Chicago , according to authorities .                                                   
" They would like to go in with people writing them off , even though they have won the championship for the last two years ," said the Wales coach .                                   
I think we have spent too long thinking about younger audiences and not enough thinking about older audiences , to be honest with you .                                               
I don ' t think we ' re going to fit everyone in , so there ' s going to be standing room I ' m sure .                                         
The scheme was launched by Chancellor George Osborne in 2011 as a way for investors to back small businesses while getting tax relief .                                                 
He told me it would take two years to really master that , master my return of serve , which is a great weapon for me now .                                         
Then he mentioned the case of a guy who couldn ' t get on the trials because he lived too far away from Carolina .                                               
I also can ' t help but think about how badly these players and their families have been let down by people who were in positions of charge at the club throughout that period .                           
I ' ll teach it to let me know if anything is going on in Max ' s room that I need to check on when I ' m not with her ," he wrote .                         
But she said UK cities were unlikely to be locked down in the way Brussels had been over recent terrorism concerns .                                                     
Image caption The results of a poll suggest voters want David Cameron to remain prime minister until just before the 2020 election , the Times reports .                                           
" There are two young children at the residence however no threats have been made towards them ," police said .                                                       
I don ' t think he ' s convinced on the European question ... is he somebody who would back me outside of the referendum ?                                             
" The second [ the coup ] happened people began to say that Craig ' s time was up ," said one party source .                                               
You can ' t just take eight weeks off and expect to rock up in November and still be going , still be fit .                                               
A notorious group that funds terrorists " families has been allowed to campaign for donations at a leading university , the Daily Mail can reveal .                                             
This is something that Sanders also said previously at the ABC News Democratic debate in December and to ABC News in June .                                                   
" At this time in her life , with the sad loss of her husband , she wanted to come back ," says Allen .                                               
" I was disappointed as nearly everybody would be not to play in a World Cup , but at the end of the day it ' s not my decision to make those calls ," Hunt said .                     
A teenager charged after a 16 - year - old boy was stabbed to death at an Aberdeen school is due in court again next month .                                           
With the right support from an employer people can stay in work , which benefits the employer ," she pointed out .                                                     
The issues at stake here go beyond the immediate concerns of the trade unions themselves , or indeed one political party .                                                     
Hunt kicked the first of his two goals to stop the Tigers ' six - goal run and from there , the rest is history .                                             
The man , who has not been identified , has denied the accusations regarding an assault on a 23 - year - old male in a hotel room .                                       
The star revealed that he once had a chance at a family in his 20s , when he got a woman pregnant .                                                   
Police earlier said 31 people had been identified as being involved in the violence , of whom 18 were asylum seekers suspected of crimes ranging from theft to assault .                                     
' I don ' t know if it shows a lack of knowledge on the subject or if he just doesn ' t care , but as a figure in the public eye he has a level of influence and should know better .         
The SNP ' s latest funding cuts will only make matters worse , something pupils , staff and parents across Scotland know only too well .                                             
In Colombia , more than 13 , 500 cases have been reported , and the country ' s health minister has advised women there to delay pregnancy .                                         
The first time we got played off the park , the second time was a really good contest , both teams had their moments and we got the win .                                     
I don ' t want to get off on the wrong foot with a new school and I ' ve told my son to play along for now , rather than get in an argument with the teachers .                   
Many people can find a doctor close to where they live , but for millions living in rural communities health care is many miles away .                                             
Their only prior relationship with Britain was that they had once worked here for less than a year back in the 1990s .                                                   
Since then , more than 300 men , women and children have been settled across the country by half of Scotland ' s 32 local authorities .                                           
I had 11 hands raised for Jeremy Corbyn becoming prime minister , seven in a school , three at a business dinner and one at a college .                                         
The 17 - minute video shows the extent of the planning that went into the multiple attacks in Paris , which French authorities have said from the beginning was planned in Syria .                               
" While I ' m writing , my team is cooking up new ways you can watch and engage with the speech ," the President said .                                           
Even if Leicester City win the Premier League this season , that would not match the scale of what Corbyn managed to achieve .                                                 
While crime is up this year , it ' s important to note that it is still well below what it was in the 1990s .                                             
She has previously insisted her decision was the ' making ' of her son James , who went to a £ 10 , 000 a year school before going to Cambridge .                                 
She said : " If the bus lane was being introduced all the way down the road then great , but it ' s not .                                               
Mr Davies said Labour ministers had paid " over the odds " for the site , and had the wrong approach when handling public money .                                             
There are not enough top players in that team and that ' s why you get some games good and some games bad .                                                 
The report , into Saudi Arabia ' s military campaign in Yemen , was drawn up by a UN panel of experts .                                                   
And I should point out -- I think I said it earlier -- 55 shootings in Chicago in just the past seven days .                                                 
The system is paid for with a 1 percent tax on all individual health plans sold in the state , both on and off the exchange .                                           
Sean said : " It is a bit like someone dying - you come to live with it but there is not a day that goes by that I don ' t think about the possibility that he may come back .               
What I ' ve learned is that sometimes the companies themselves don ' t even know if they ' re going to get their product finished in time .                                       
We have published seven books by her and to now get properly recognised in this way , because Costa is one of the largest awards , feels amazing .                                       
" I started to think that the colour had a meaning , to mark that asylum seekers lived there ," he told the Guardian .                                               
The reason this is controversial , and people don ' t like to talk about it , is because they are Muslim women .                                                 
A recent BBC Trust survey of viewers found resistance , especially among older viewers , to moving news coverage to digital platforms at the expense of existing services .                                       
And we are not there yet and we know perfectly that some countries don ' t want to do it , so we need to convince them .                                         
The inquiry is intended to " get to the bottom of why we are losing support , and come up with solutions " in time for the next general election .                                   
That could total more than $ 18 billion in fines , though it ' s unclear if the government would demand such a total .                                               
" We are struggling to increase our mortgage because we can ' t prove that Richard has lived in this property for more than five years ," says Jennifer .                                     
In the scene above , I was speaking with a person who suggested to me that it was too dangerous to continue filming .                                                 
I do hope that the new leaders will introduce some major changes to the country , but I doubt that we are going to be happy .                                           
" If you ' re a young black man , you ' re more likely to be in a prison cell than studying at a top university ," he wrote .                                   
I don ' t know , I feel like I ' m too busy and I don ' t care if I ' m winning in other sports or if I play cards .                             
Almost 37 , 000 migrants and refugees have arrived in the EU by land or sea already this month , roughly 10 times the equivalent total for the month last year .                                 
A businessman from Switzerland who visited two major Swiss banks this week said he was told they were waiting for other banks to try first and see the reaction of the Americans .                               
I have to send you to prison because of that gross breach of trust and the effect it has upon the people who are the victims .                                           
If this is how they treat us in the run - up to the referendum , imagine how they ' d treat us if we voted to stay .                                       
He put forward in the paper two ideas as to how it could be done , similar to techniques I picked up in Cambridge .                                               
When I asked him about innovation , he tells me that engineering is the only way to make new ideas relevant .                                                     
Five months ago , he had finally saved enough money to join them but , on the way , a missile hit the bus and he was seriously injured .                                     
And in the end , the veterans ' event he staged to conflict with the debate received the attention he might have wanted anyway .                                               
" If the government had made the right choices with strong investment in skills , infrastructure and innovation , we could be in a much stronger position ," she said .                                   
At present , the most that anyone can put away for retirement is £ 1 . 25 million over their career - a figure that will fall to £ 1 million in April .                             
As soon as we escaped through the door - it sounds crazy - but this is what I see in my head , it ' s as if watching it from a bird ' s eye view .                     
So , all I have to do is press this button and the bad lady ' s voice will go away ?                                                     
The missing dog is a female , 10 - years - old , mainly black with a white chest and white front leg .                                                 
November ' s increase in the insurance premium tax has been predicted to raise nearly £ 1 . 5 billion for the Treasury .                                                 
And that is very good news indeed for any of us who find that our favourite foods turn out to be " bad " for our blood sugar levels .                                     
Victoria completed the race with veterans who had lost an arm and one conclusion they came to was that it would be almost impossible to complete with a veteran who has a leg or lower body injury .                     
Another strike , which would see junior doctors walk out of all services , including emergency care , is still scheduled to take place in February .                                           
' I never thought I ' d be so lucky to meet my target , and cannot even express how grateful I am to those people .                                           
Of course , the real question is this : how could this have happened again , so soon after our last flooding disaster ?                                                 
The attack was one of a series across Iraq and Syria over the Christmas period carried out by British forces .                                                       
Some characters , he said , are dead in the show and alive in the books , while others have never been part of the show and are major players in the books .                             
They say they are prepared to stay here for years to make that point and , so far , there is no sign at all of them leaving or being forced from this land .                           
Facebook is hoping the additional choices will encourage people to share their thoughts more frequently and hang out on the social network for even longer periods than they already do .                                   
Hawaii is becoming the first state to raise its minimum age , from 18 to 21 , to buy or use cigarettes or e - cigarettes .                                           
They took a 10 - point advantage into the fourth quarter and built up the lead in the final 12 minutes .                                                     
Almost two thirds , or 64 %, said interest rates would have to rise by one percentage point before their businesses cut planned investments or employment .                                           
The dad walked into two local corner stores looking for help - but was too drunk for anyone to understand him , witnesses said .                                               
Federal officials say an investigation in California into a refugee charged with attempting to support terrorist organizations led to the arrest of three of his relatives in Wisconsin in a separate case .                               
That is where you are driving the engine , that is where , if you have a commitment to public life , you have the most potential impact .                                       
Why , across the 28 member states of the European Union , do one - third of women encounter physical and / or sexual violence from the age of 15 ?                                   
She has also received death threats and is getting friends to report the post so it is completely taken down .                                                       
It was a conversation about gun control yes , but it was wrapped inside a bigger theme -- the nature of change .                                                   
The fact it happened in South Africa makes it much more difficult in the South African environment but it has happened in England and the Pakistan Test match at Lord ' s so this is not unique to South Africa .               
' Then I ' m going to take my baby shopping and get him the best designer clothes that money can buy .                                                   
Two months ago we got stuck inside and had to press the alarm button and were rescued after 15 minutes ," she said .                                                 
People say in science that nothing is certain , but nobody seriously argues about the speed of light or the size of the Earth .                                               
The Federal Reserve last month raised overnight interest rates by a quarter percentage point the first increase in nearly a decade .                                                     
This situation was made even more shocking when you consider that those people responsible are in a position of trust .                                                       
" But you got to remember we have some big guys , so it ' s hard to sleep on a bus like this ," he said .                                         
It ' s an extraordinary explosion of a field of science that didn ' t even exist just a few years ago .                                                   
We need to have a really good look at the way they block from 10 or 15 metres away off the ball and see if we can bring some of that into our game .                           
This may sound like common sense , but a 15 - year - old boy caused chaos recently when he entered a Canadian airport with a bomb - shaped alarm clock in his carry - on bag .                     
But only one in four women who have trouble sleeping tell their doctor , according to the poll , meaning the problem is likely to be much greater that is thought .                                 
A young teacher whose body was found in a four - star hotel on Christmas Eve only met her date 24 hours earlier and checked in with him hours before she died .                               
Clinton ' s comments come as her campaign has stepped up its criticism of Sanders ' plan to fight terrorism .                                                       
It ' s something many people in Spain thought they would never see - the powerful being held to account .                                                       
This would be a difficult decision for Jeremy Corbyn , because most of his party are pro - EU and would want the referendum to come at the point at which they have the best chance of victory .                   
What is yet not known is how future Tory leadership candidates such as Boris Johnson and Theresa May will decide to jump .                                                   
I think [ people ] should go in and ask their doctor not what drug is right for them , but go in and ask their doctor why the doctor had put them on this specific drug .                     
People have been coming to the town for a number of years because of the work , which is good news .                                                     
Because if he is , again , I ' m pretty sure the President would clear his schedule and just spend the next few weeks saying , " I don ' t want to take your guns away " over and over until he hits the magic number . 
Fox News showed a video clip of the Texas senator speaking about " compromise " for the 2013 immigration reform bill that failed in Congress .                                             
At this point in the film , she already had been arrested following her participation in a protest against a government official , so everyone present in the room was feeling quite on edge .                           
We ' ve tried to talk to representatives of IS to make sure they know this but we haven ' t been successful ," he said .                                           
If you ' re lucky enough to live in Iowa or New Hampshire , political ads are just about all you see on television now .                                             
Not all are , however , he added , describing how an eight - year - old boy had informed on his father , telling authorities the man had been working with the Islamic State .                         
Speaking to him , and looking at his body language , I think he ' s in a good place .                                                       
It ' s going to be a good test for us and we are going to have to come up with solutions .                                                   
The field , off the coast of Indonesia , would have been the single largest source of global warming pollution at the time .                                                 
This is a narrative that Allen says she knows well , as do many of the students in her academy who grew up in South L . A . neighborhoods .                                   
Italy cancelled the mission due to the high costs of the operation - estimated at € 9 million ($ 13 . 5 million ) a month - and criticism from its European allies about the rescue operation acting as a " pull factor " for desperate people . 
There should be a programme for people , as soon as they arrive , where they can learn the language and culture , rather than being left on their own for a year or two .                         
She told The Sun on Sunday : ' We are in a committed relationship , and of course , that involves love .                                                     
But a former senior Foreign Office figure who was involved in producing the document told The Independent that Saudi Arabia had been given an " easier ride " because of the importance of Britain ' s economic and political relationship with the country .         
Such treatment , she says , is " without doubt " far less expensive than repeated local authority intervention , assessment and care proceedings .                                               
Djokovic had won 10 of his previous 11 matches against Murray and was 21 - 9 in their career meetings - including four finals at the Australian Open .                                       
The Kings quickly jumped to a 21 - point lead in the first quarter , increasing it to 24 in the second and 27 in the third .                                         
" Given all gun - related violence is of concern to us at armed crime , we are appealing to any witnesses and members of the public to come forward with any information ," he said .                       
This market - led proposal to Queensland Cabinet is being led by the Port of Brisbane - which owns the land - and the two cruise ship operators .                                       
" I think there is truth to the notion they will be a lot more interested when they recognize how much volume there really is ," he said .                                       
To have something on campus , right in the heart of Las Vegas , would change the entire game - day atmosphere .                                                   
A lot of things that traditionally matter to primary voters don ' t seem to matter as they apply to Donald Trump ," he added .                                             
He had the confidence to keep going - and this was a guy who didn ' t have a record then .                                                     
I suffered with depression last year ; this mood isn ' t constant in the same way , but feels similar in the short term .                                             
At the end of the day , you have to build those relations and consistently be looking for common ground ," Clinton said .                                                 
The research found that one in 20 first - time buyers moved more than 100 miles to buy a home , while 47 , 000 moved more than 500 miles .                                   
I ' ll just be doing bike and swimming sessions trying to stay in shape and letting this get right .                                                       
The most up - to - date figures , for 2013 , reveal that leaves on the line resulted in more than 8 , 000 hours of delays .                                       
But , being involved in issues around child poverty , I hear a good deal to suggest that a number of families prefer to live on benefits rather than go to work .                               
And she sees that over and over again when she sees people who are going to die in prison when they ' re innocent .                                               
We will put together a squad that can win the game but we must also think about re - injuries - that is the first thing we must think about .                                   
The result was a massive drop in illegal immigration and years without major difficulties until the recent refugee crisis began .                                                       
We get calls claiming people have been shot , stabbed , run over or assaulted and when we arrive we find there is no incident .                                             
The two dogs had run off hours earlier when their owner suffered a medical emergency at her home and was taken to the hospital .                                               
' Not if they aren ' t engaged in the business and aren ' t making a living doing it ,' he said .                                                 
I want to help people to understand that there are people who cannot have children and it is not by choice .                                                     
If Canberra ' s New Year ' s resolution was to get some more rain , it is on the right track .                                                   
We accept all the recommendations for the Ministry of Justice in this report and are already taking action to implement them .                                                     
It is thought that on average people waiting for houses to dry out and to have building work done will be out of their homes for six months .                                       
It was a one - year thing for me , but it [ winning the championship ] is right up there ," she told journalists after the match .                                       
You put your life ' s work into stuff and for it to end like that is difficult to take .                                                       
When I looked at the board , we had a lot runs and I thought we were in a good position anyway .                                                   
That has worked in places like the " five eyes " alliance of English - speaking countries , but sharing data with all the other countries in the EU is a far more ambitious goal .                         
It didn ' t work out that way , with her six games last season her only on - court appearances in the five - year , three - season deal .                                 
The NATO alliance is to hold an emergency meeting on Friday ' s incident in Brussels today at the request of member nation Turkey .                                               
I owned a print for many years until I presented it to an American friend ; I am looking forward to meeting an " old " friend at the Tom Roberts exhibition next week .                           
" I feel there is so much I am not doing right yet but in nine months of solid training I have gone from 10 . 6 to 10 . 2 ," he said .                           
' I just can ' t believe it ' s happened to little old me but looking back , it ' s almost like fate had decided I was going to win .                               
Many of them do , and this is a good sign that they won ' t keep windows and doors open .                                                     
This year I thought way too much , when I was struggling with my game I did things that I don ' t normally do ," he said .                                       
The easily missed press release didn ' t mention Martin ' s name once - not a single reference to the fact that he won ' t be part of the big - budget show .                         
The new website , set to launch March 1 , will have additional content alongside some features from the magazine , she said .                                                 
" We believe that the public would benefit from a better overall understanding about the importance of healthy eating based on facts and scientific evidence ," it wrote .                                       
He said of the Government announcement : " It is fantastic they are trying to put an end to all of this .                                                     
The company , which is due to report 2015 earnings later next month , gave no forecast for the current year .                                                     
It has been has confirmed that MPs will be given a chance to debate whether to ban Donald Trump from the UK .                                                   
That ' s what I told her at the end of the match , that I was really happy to see her back .                                                 
That effort -- which would have resulted in more far - reaching gun safety laws than any executive action -- failed in Congress .                                                 
" Who ' s going to want to buy their home now that all these problems are happening ?" he said .                                                     
" It felt like everyone was having an easier time than I was ," said Frank , but as she reached out to other new mothers she also started to realize that everyone had their own struggles .                     
The report calls for more to be done to prevent children becoming victims of child labour in the near permanent refugee camps on the border of Syria .                                         
Maybe now , in an era of so much Test cricket - England have played 17 matches since last April - it is .                                                 
The paper says the unions provide 20 % of the party ' s core funding and the consequences of the legal changes will be huge .                                             
The Department of Justice said the President is calling for more resources and that the agency uses a " smart on crime " policy .                                               
Bernie Sanders is ahead of Hillary Clinton by a 50 - 37 percent margin among New Hampshire Democratic primary voters .                                                       
The judge said she had expressed a ' clear wish ' before being hurt and losing the mental capacity to make decisions .                                                   
The 150 - metre beach is also a popular place for fishing , either by boat or from the shore .                                                       
He said he was using his executive powers as president because the US Congress has failed to address the problem .                                                       
Like your little boy , you two have only this one life , long or short , happy or tragic and everything in between .                                               
The statement said : " It does not occur to anyone that a coach like Jose Mourinho can write letters to clubs offering their services .                                               
The 30 - year - old was pressed about the incident after the match , and said it was a completely " normal " reaction for him to tend to the girl .                               
For domestic gun manufacturers , it suggests that if they want to survive , they ' d better start moving in this direction .                                                 
I ' ve given myself many opportunities to reach the finals ... seven straight quarter - finals , as well .                                                       
I can get him working with the bigger artists , the biggest producers - and have him as the biggest artist in the world within a year .                                         
70 brought up the notion that injuries are guaranteed to happen to every player and / or mentioned that they know the risks associated with football but aim to set those thoughts aside .                             
" I don ' t understand what could have gone so wrong between ( the surgery ) and the next morning ," she said .                                               
Cruz offered to debate him one - on - one , saying a candidate afraid of tough questions from Kelly could never take on Putin or Hillary Clinton , the Democratic front - runner .                           
Her job was to assess my risk , but her underlying manner was very much that of a champion , something I had never had before .                                           
Sometimes you just get a feeling after a call that it ' s not quite right , so that ' s why we get advice .                                             
" I didn ' t have any grand plans of playing for the Eagles or anything like that ," he said .                                                     
He called for free college education for all Americans , breaking up " too - big - to - fail " banks , a government - managed healthcare system and raising the minimum wage .                           
Three years ago , Mr Cameron was forced to offer British voters an " in or out " say on the EU .                                                   
I never thought I ' d see someone get close to 100 and 81 is about as close as we ' re going to see for a while .                                       
Clinton ' s campaign had multiple cameras here and plan to turn part of the speech into an ad , according to aides .                                                 
That said , overall consumer confidence remains above its long run average and well above the levels seen for much of the last two years .                                             
That year , the fee charged by both agencies was set at $ 1 . 35 per animal unit month .                                                       
" I think that ' s what may have stopped some other Muslims from following a career they want , but I know what I ' m doing is right and I ' m going to keep doing it ," she said .           
The man was the second person in the space of two months to die in a drive - by shooting in the northern suburbs .                                               
It ' s important to keep that in mind , I think , if you ' re building a company for your customers .                                                 
For the first time in her life , instead of questioning why she looked a certain way , she asked herself something else : " It was more important to me to figure out , why do I feel this way ?" she said .         
There were kids out there that needed me , and I love them as much as any child that I could have given birth to .                                             
The prospect of higher returns in the US has encouraged investors to sell assets in other countries and buy dollars , pushing the currency higher .                                             
Following the difficult decision to close it in early 2015 , we are delighted that we will soon be in a position to be able to offer open access to visitors once more from mid - March .                     
I think children are very accepting of things , and they " got " our family in a way not everyone has .                                                   
Following the announcement , Ms Sturgeon said : " We are working hard to improve educational standards across the country to make sure that every child in Scotland has the ability to achieve their potential .                           
And while employment in London is up nearly 12 % since 2010 , it ' s up just 0 . 3 % across the rest of the country .                                       
" When I knew he was with another woman and not coming home it was a relief , but now I know what he was capable of , I feel guilty ," she said .                           
The scandal destroyed the four - star general ' s reputation , who had led U . S . forces both in Afghanistan and Iraq .                                             
We need to see that change in culture come from the ground up , from our sporting institutions right through to politics ," he said .                                             
" We ' re interested in asking questions , where might this work , where do we need to be careful with it " he said .                                           
After all , it ' s been Iran ' s biggest trading partner for the past six years , Beijing ' s state - run Xinhua news agency reported .                                     
' Do you think I ' d let him do that if he was capable of what they ' re saying ?                                                     
It was quick , and not so romantic , but I think it ' s always that way the first time .                                                     
They are at once not recognized by the state they ' ve always lived in and cannot leave it because they can ' t cross borders without a passport .                                     
No grade will reflect how far a child has come , how hard they have worked and how much a school has supported that child .                                             
If you ' re in the GOP and among the majority who support either Donald Trump or Ted Cruz for president , now might feel like a pretty good time to be a Republican .                           
" We wanted to learn about working adults who could go after more money or choose not to ," she said .                                                     
Mr Xi says he wants a " final resolution " of differences over Taiwan , adding that this is not something to leave for the next generation .                                         
My aim is obviously Rio and I want to be at my peak and the Olympics is where it ' s at .                                                   
I ' m personally grateful to each of them for everything they ' ve contributed to Twitter and our purpose in the world .                                                 
The couple , who welcomed a son in July 2013 , said in a statement that they plan to remain close friends .                                                   
A gay man has a child with his best friend , and the two decide to live together as a family until she falls in love with another man .                                     
It ' s definitely been hard , but when you ' re around nice people they try to lift you up and that ' s what ' s happening .                                     
I ' ve tried to put as many people on to it as I can in the 20 - odd years since I first heard it .                                           
Mr Stewart added : " There ' s still lots to do as we work through the detail of the winning ideas , but these are exciting times .                                         
The total spent by Rubio and Bush is three times the amount spent by the two leaders in the race , Donald Trump and Texas Sen . Ted Cruz .                                     
We need to examine what other countries are doing to see if lessons can be learned from the likes of Sweden and the Netherlands , which seem to be getting it right .                               
However , he upset senior Real Madrid players in the process and when they stopped playing for him the results suffered .                                                     
After three days I still haven ' t covered all the events that occur in episode one of the TV version .                                                     
The Government has simply come along and said they want to reduce the pay of junior doctors who do take part in seven - day services .                                           
She didn ' t want her son to think he had to keep the secret about her and asking why she might be tired and wanted to see if she could help people with this .                         
The incident is being investigated as a terrorist " attempted murder " of public officials in authority , the prosecutor said .                                                     
Don ' t get me wrong : I ' m really pleased and tired and it ' s nice to have a reward at the end of it .                                       
At first I got a few donations , but after my story spread a lot of people contacted me to help .                                                     
Both mum and baby recovered quickly , but it wasn ' t long before Laura spotted the image of the king in her picture .                                               
James Gray , a member of the Defence committee , said the prime minister " should be more careful in his use of language .                                               
The lack of affordable housing is putting pressure on workers in the South - East of England , it warned .                                                       
But I said take it and keep it and give some of it in terms of the form of money and profit to the veterans and the families ," he said .                                 
Bryant gave the fans who came to see him one last time 10 points on five - for - nine shooting .                                                     
" There ' s a lot of talent in our area but we lack proper facilities for children to play and get trained ," he told Times of India .                                     
Like so many people who have had what they know removed from their lives , Graham ' s stroke has revealed his character , the passion he has for life .                                   
It ' s brilliant , the fact that people care about this TV show and what happens to the people they love or hate in it , is a special thing .                                 
Indeed , a number of Sanders supporters recently attended a Trump rally and they , too , are getting the campaign ' s emails .                                               
We are living a life sentence for what she did to our children and in my view she should never be allowed out .                                                 
In that moment , I decided what I wanted most from Mike was for him to deliver the security that would allow me to take care of the children without having to worry about paying the mortgage and bills .                 
The midfielder had season - ending shoulder surgery last year but is confident he ' ll be ready when the Lions face West Coast in round one on March 27 .                                   
At this point 14 % of 18 - year - olds were in higher education , compared with more than 36 % today .                                                 
If you cash in some or all of your investment within three years of your first payment , you face an exit fee .                                                 
A spokesman for the agency said : " Our staff work long and hard to demonstrate their outstanding commitment to people and the environment .                                                 
At the same time , Mr . Obama suggested that Sanders ' decision to mainly focus on one issue , income inequality , might not help him in the long - run .                               
The seven straight goals they conceded against Port Adelaide on Saturday resulted in a 41 - point lead becoming a five - point loss .                                               
The oil price , for example , has lost nearly 30 per cent in value for 2016 - and energy stocks are following suit .                                               
I did my best to go and help but couldn ' t do it ... the fire came through that quick .                                                     
People were put up in rest centres while a number of local hotels also opened their doors to flooding victims free of charge .                                                 
He was a good one , and since joining the university he has been a strong leader in higher education .                                                       
You come into the game and you have a lead and you think you ' re going to add to the lead instead of understanding the way we got the lead was because we were getting stops .                     
I ' ve been training really hard during the off - season and really pushing myself beyond the limits , I just think a day off or two will make a world of difference .                           
They may be on their way back to the states , but it could be years before they feel truly home .                                                     
Now they spend a lot of time together at her flat , but he does not come out with her to all the events she goes to .                                         
The body was discovered after police asked to see the school ' s CCTV on Thursday , according to a source close to the school .                                             
That phone can guess at what its user is going to be looking for , and tries to show it on screen for easy access .                                             
The 23 - year - old was on a month - by - month contract when it was unclear how his injury might respond .                                               
Local people will know how to get round it , but for our high street to survive we need people from outside to come to the town .                                         
When my mother passed away , my father began to be all of those things , but not in the same way .                                                   
You could be a beautiful person but one day you have a problem , the job or the family or the boyfriend , and you change that day .                                       
They can control their speed at arms - length , while allowing them to get the feel of riding down the mountain .                                                   
An 11 per cent basic pay rise was offered - but pay for out - of - hours work would be cut .                                                   
The biggest percentage increases came from South Korea , with a 20 % jump , and China , with an 18 % increase .                                                 
We are living longer , so we need to be active longer too - make 2016 your year to make a big difference to how you feel .                                         
If ever she was cast to play a mother , before she was a mother for real , she says she used to think of her love for her dog .                                   
We ' ve been married five years now , and we ' re still like a pair of love - struck teenagers !                                                   
The so - called small art - house films will be where the greater risk - taking will happen , and those are the ones that win awards .                                       
The four refugees who were the subject of the ruling , who all fled the Syrian civil war and had been living in the camp for at least two months , will live with their relatives in the UK while their asylum claims are considered .     
Because you ' d get used to them , and you didn ' t know how to function without them ," he explained .                                                 
The minister claimed the document containing the list was " a general policy guide rather than a case - by - case list of countries where the death penalty is employed " and said it did not reflect a lack of concern over human rights .     
" It ' s probably not a bad idea ; how you ' re going to get it through I don ' t know ," he said .                                         
At the moment the stars are lined up : interest rates are lined up , foreign investors are looking for homes and Australia has stable government .                                           
The bank has published 11 factors it will consider during the review , which include the government ' s tax policy and attitude to financial services companies .                                         
But the vast majority of drivers will escape any penalty at all as first - time offenders are offered educational courses aimed at changing their behaviour .                                           
For someone who used to avoid telling anyone about their depression unless necessary , doing more than 50 public events ( basically therapy sessions with people watching you ) takes a toll .                               
" I think it would be nice to see the best of three matches in the final ," she said .                                                       
Once again , largely disappointed for Chelsea as he failed to create enough chances and defend when needed , although he did display some fine work in one instance to set up Oscar .                             
As a witness to China ' s rise , the photographer says he hopes his old photos can help young Chinese people understand their history .                                             
The government says the investigation has yet to reveal if terrorism was the cause of the crash that killed more than 200 people on board .                                             
The world ' s best 60 countries were based on their key business , economy and quality of life , where Germany came top , followed by Canada and then the UK in third place and the US in fourth .               
She also repeated her belief that a UK vote to leave the EU , but a Scottish vote to stay , would lead to an " overwhelming demand " for a second independence referendum .                           
" We ' ll learn a lot of things ," said Arena , whose team opened training camp eight days ago .                                                     
It mean that all three teams got no reward despite finishing at least one win clear of their closest opponents after all had played their eight matches .                                         
The expense can be vast , particularly when managing chronic conditions such as diabetes , adding further cost despite no substantial income .                                                   
To get traded to a team like that , they ' ve got respect around the league , it ' s a pretty good feeling .                                             
There is no cost to attend and an individual can show up Monday night and register with the party of his or her choosing .                                               
The exposure of the minutes by The Telegraph comes after Swedish police revealed they have dealt with around 5 , 000 incidents involving migrants since October .                                           
It ' s like that with everyone he comes into contact with - I think it ' s what keeps him going .                                                   
The Defense Department told Congress in a report last month that violence is rising in much of the country and the Taliban can be expected to build momentum .                                       
This follows the autumn statement , in which chancellor George Osborne committed to building 400 , 000 new homes before the 2020 general election .                                               
But since you decided to do this I ' m almost certain you weren ' t thinking about that but instead thinking about how to get 15 seconds of fame on the internet .                             
On a clear night , when you look up into the night sky the most you can see from any one point on the Earth is about 2 , 500 stars .                                 
The UK is currently committed to taking only 20 , 000 refugees over the parliament - 4 , 000 people a year .                                                   
At the time , Mexico ' s government insisted it could handle the man who had already broken out of one maximum - security prison , saying he must pay his debt to Mexican society first .                       
But he said it was a " a wonderful first step " but that Hollywood still needed to do " much , much , much more " to reflect society .                                   
Canberra crowds have turned up in force for every form of cricket they ' ve been given - a Test will be no different .                                               
I know she had to work hard herself , and I think she wants women to have the same opportunities as men and to stand alongside them shoulder - to - shoulder .                               
It is among this crowd that I have lived for more than half a decade , and it has been part of my life for more than 20 years .                                     
Speaking at the Royal Society in London , she said : " It is really important that we have research on drugs .                                                     
They found the remains , which included eight women and six children , lying on and close to the surface where they had been left after being murdered .                                       
" No one was sure if I would be able to come out of that cell and be part of the family ," he said .                                             
Arsenal did it 10 years ago in England , and now the game is growing there with other big clubs involvement .                                                     
We don ' t need to throw everybody into every position as an experiment just because we ' re trying to be appear to be fair to everyone .                                       
The only woman among eight people who eventually show up today has heard about the group on Twitter , she thinks in a tweet by a Corbyn supporter .                                       
But there are certain things , particularly in relation to teachers who are teaching young children , particularly learning to read and to speak , where actually seeing the teacher ' s mouth is very important in understanding them .                 
There may well be too many of us , and far , far too many of us if we all wish to live like North Americans .                                           
Mr Kent said the reason she gave was that she did not want to travel to court every day of a trial .                                                   
He has been with the company 25 years , and a board member since 2012 , so will know first hand what a difficult job he is taking on .                                     
It ' s been a bit of a mystery why he ' s not had opportunities before but he has put his hand up and shown what he can do .                                   
But if they ' re not willing to do that , we ' re all just willing to stay here and see what happens .                                               
Most people are only aware they have pre - diabetes when signs and symptoms of type 2 diabetes start to occur .                                                     
I really enjoyed it , playing in front of you guys - you guys made a lot of noise for both of us .                                                 
And there is always the chance someone comes and takes over the whole thing with a view to using the cash .                                                     
However , this could change after 28 January - the Italian Senate is set to vote on Thursday on a bill which , if passed , would allow for same - sex civil unions for the first time .                   
Yet its lawyers acknowledged in court that they couldn ' t recall refusing a master account to anyone else and that other banks that work with the pot industry have such accounts .                               
In response to the image , angry social media users criticised the restaurant , with one user saying they had received a similar order just weeks earlier .                                         
The Welsh clubs have not shown any decent European form in years yet they have been frequently excellent in the Six Nations .                                                   
Murray would no doubt have been concerned about what effect the news might have on his wife , who is due to give birth to their first child next month .                                   
The average number of monthly passengers arriving at Los Angeles International Airport on China ' s three major airlines increased 8 % in 2015 over the previous year .                                       
That proved to be a problem and led to 12 months off the scene and then we had a few little muscle problems with him .                                             
I don ' t know what the authorities are doing to confirm the identity , but I need to know if it is ," she said .                                           
I ' m not surprised some people feel it ' s simply beyond them - and I think there should be no shame in this .                                             
( There ' s an ) opportunity ( to ) consider ways that the historical narrative around the construction of the Great Ocean Road could be told and provided in other locations with more space and facilities , and without safety and environmental issues .       
The U . S . Department of Justice is proud to maintain a close and effective relationship with our Mexican counterparts , and we look forward to continuing our work together to ensure the safety and security of all our people .             
The identity of a small boy who also appears in the ISIS video was confirmed by members of his family Monday .                                                     
She explained : ' I got it into my head that to not gain weight I had to eat literally nothing and very quickly my weight dropped from nine stone to six .                                 
But supporters of the bill in the UK argue it would only promote the use of drugs with good evidence behind them including in humans ; the French trial drug had never been given to patients .                       
She said her aim was to help set a good example for the children and said that so far she had received a positive response .                                             
However , if these payments allow forces to make savings then they should be more open about them so that taxpayers can decide for themselves whether they are getting value for their hard - earned money .                       
Before I met her , I had a long talk with my father about how I was sure I ' d never get married because it wasn ' t for me .                                 
The October 2014 shooting came two months after the fatal shooting of 18 - year - old Michael Brown in nearby Ferguson and triggered protests .                                             
The SNP has consistently argued the Bill does not go far enough and the party is unlikely to change its mind .                                                     
It ' s not easy to win 5 - 0 and I was impressed with the attitude of those who played and those who didn ' t .                                         
She had children and made the choice to look after them , allowing her husband the freedom to teach , paint and write to support the family .                                         
And around 200 , 000 people aged 25 - 34 visited the website to buy materials or search for advice .                                                       
We stayed in a very private mobile home on this site near the coast with our three - year - old .                                                     
We ' re hoping that over the next four to six weeks he will continue to improve , but as far as skills and contact sessions are concerned , it is probably 12 weeks before he is ready .                   
You think if we can get a few quick ones and put them under pressure [ we might be a chance ], but we just ran through them .                                       
The benchmark U . S . light crude oil for near - term delivery fell 70 cents , or 2 %, to $ 33 . 27 a barrel , its lowest level since 2004 .                           
In Britain many people love the royal family and other people don ' t - but either way we own them and we have an opinion and we know a lot about them .                             
Last November , Chancellor George Osborne said the budget for 16 - to 19 - year - olds would be protected in cash terms , but this represents a cut after inflation .                               
Those guys are on another level than us , but we share the ball very well and Warriors share the ball well too .                                                 
Now the players will have three days off so they can clear their minds , and we ' ll start to work again .                                                 
" These things are just basic tools in marketing ," David Just , a co - author of the 2012 study , told CNN .                                               
By contrast , pro - Brussels Cabinet ministers will be free to use the full might of the Government machine to campaign to remain inside the EU - both inside and outside of the Commons .                         
It ' s the latest of a number of task forces and investigations into the causes of the pollution and how to make things right for Flint .                                         
However , many parents find that once they are on the road , they can ' t imagine going back to their old life .                                               
Those on the basic rate are being urged to wait until then , as it could be to their benefit .                                                       
The 24 - hour strike - which would have been the second held this year - was due to take place on 1 February as part of a row over conditions .                                 
But their aggressive ad campaign ahead of the 2015 NFL season drew the attention of regulators and lawmakers who have questioned their business models in states such as Nevada .                                     
Now they have become a popular alternative for developers looking to raise quick and hip buildings that are generally cheaper than conventional structures .                                                 
He asked us about Libya in 2012 and I told him it was the best year we had had , probably ever .                                                   
Those spots on our sun appear small , but even a moderate - sized spot is about as big as Earth .                                                     
Rubio , on the other hand , could stay around for a while -- but I don ' t think he ' s going to .                                             
The fans - who came in record numbers for a Tuesday in the first week - left no doubt how they felt during the match .                                             
Last week , the three markets responded to the NFL ' s request for their best and final stadium solutions .                                                       
People here talk about house prices a lot , as if all that matters is how much you make when you sell .                                                   
This will be the biggest event held at the venue since the London Games and is also the last chance to see Europe ' s top athletes before Rio .                                     
However , some fans were quick to defend the pair , with many claiming the party was simply fun and people were being too sensitive .                                             
In a separate survey by the charity of 300 people affected by dementia , more than half said they were no longer taking part in any , or hardly any , social activities .                             
The film maybe describes our nation , an independent island in the middle of the ocean between the U . S . and Europe .                                               
I ' d like to see more games that address real - world events , and which engage people politically .                                                       
The papers show Sir Jeremy had a " general discussion " with Facebook in May 2012 , and a " discussion on the digital industry " in December 2013 .                                     
" This is a developing situation , products that haven ' t been recalled may yet be ," Ms Turner said .                                                     
The things he ' s said on climate change and poverty - we need our politicians to speak in that way .                                                     
Malaysia ' s transport ministry said a team of experts from the government and Malaysia Airlines had examined the debris in Thailand .                                                   
But I can ' t help thinking he ' s not the only one with a problem - the rest of us have a problem with keeping our outrage in perspective .                                 
The next [ few ] weeks , as long as I can stay away from any more injuries , I should be fine .                                                 
" I don ' t want to give somebody else the idea , and have them take it ," he said .                                                     
I was off for quite a while -- several months actually -- and I still really wanted to go back riding .                                                     
But , it definitely wasn ' t - the camera was to help us identify people leaving town in an emergency ," he said .                                               
A man said to be carrying a knife and wearing a fake suicide belt has been shot dead as he tried to enter a police station in Paris .                                       
He shares a council flat with his disabled ex - partner and two children , one of whom is also registered disabled .                                                   
He also admitted that it was a " fantasy " to have sex with his friend and her teenage daughter at the same time .                                               
We like to think we understand it , but we rarely think of its reach relative to Facebook and more traditional platforms .                                                   
I think it ' s important to point out that there are a lot of reasons we have the health care system we have today ," she said .                                       
Williams , who used to be in the draft room while big decisions were being made , was bought out and blamed -- mostly fairly but perhaps a bit too much -- for everything that had gone wrong .                   
Yet in his referendum negotiations the Prime Minister is seeking only a limit to the benefits EU workers can claim .                                                       
" I ' m going to ask [ them ] to let me speak for five minutes on the lack of diversity ," he told the Hollywood Reporter .                                       
" Over the past year our team has spoken to every state government , except WA , about potential social benefit bond deals ," she said .                                           
" If it ' s something that ' s happened as a direct result of their actions then they should be responsible for it ," one friend , speaking on her behalf , said .                           
They never talked of having a secret to their marriage but would always talk things through and would do everything together .                                                     
More than a dozen Republicans and a handful of Democrats have announced they are running for their party ' s 2016 presidential nomination .                                                 
It stands to reason that we cannot only investigate the guilty and that we are not making a mistake when we investigate allegations where we subsequently find there is no case to answer .                             
" It is important to understand we will not have a widely available safe and effective Zika vaccine this year and probably not in the next few years ," he said .                                 
Those who are not sure should consider taking out a mix of easy access and fixed - rate savings accounts .                                                       
And I don ' t think it ' s fair when the criticism is coming from people who were repeatedly invited to co - operate and repeatedly said no .                                     
They come as company faces pressure from labor - back groups who have criticized the company for its treatment of its workers .                                                   
Since then , Johnson has raised $ 800 , 000 more through thousands of fundraising events and interviews around Australia .                                                       
" The man I met , and fell in love with , and whom I continue to love , is the man you all knew through his work ," she said .                                 
The pair , from North America , previously had to call on rescue teams in Norway , Denmark , Scotland and Ireland .                                                   
For example , if saving is less than investment , interest rates will tend to increase , causing saving to rise and investment to fall until both are equal .                                     
It ' s not easy but I have to be positive , I don ' t have to be scared when I go to play the official match .                                       
After most practices and games , NFL coaches begin their sessions with the media by offering a list of names , body parts and degrees of injury .                                         
It shows how the age you are today can affect what you are most likely to die of at various stages in your life .                                               
I ' ve been lucky to have had some great staff behind me for the last 11 months , keeping me fit .                                                   
The firm will this year launch updated mid - end models like Galaxy A and Galaxy J in emerging markets including China , Lee said .                                             
At this price , he says , thanks to the fact the many North Sea operators have cut costs , firms can just about survive .                                             
" The truth is that the most significant vote and issue regarding foreign policy that we have seen in this country in modern history is the vote on the war on Iraq ," he said .                         
We will struggle to be able to meet the needs of all these people if we continue to just provide support through the centres in the way we are at the moment .                               
In India , this term is also used for non - relations : older people we are on friendly terms with , such as the parents of our friends or elderly neighbours .                               
" It ' s tough ; I don ' t know much about it ," guard Chris Paul said after Tuesday ' s win .                                               
Only 28 % would describe the country as " strong and confident ," the view Obama will pursue on Tuesday .                                                       
The signature achievement of the European Union , which began as a free trade zone , has been the free movement of people and goods .                                             
But there are basic costs to be met : " It costs about $ 2 , 500 per person , this is the highest .                                                 
If you don ' t know whether the movie is running forward or in reverse , you can ' t tell the difference .                                                 
There comes a time when every parent is forced to consider the best way to keep their children safe online .                                                       
Russia claimed its airstrikes targeted Islamic terrorists , but human rights groups said some of the victims were Syrian anti - government rebels with no links to terror .                                       
It ' s the first season I ' ve really had this problem but the good thing is I can get it better and hopefully it won ' t come up again .                               
But I am not the only politician that has such a life - you could say that Boris Johnson has a similar life .                                                 
' We live near the airports so it ' s a bit like getting buses when we travel between our two homes ,' she said .                                             
The chairman came down on the bus today and unless something ' s happened , Michael ' s still our player , so that ' s the only update I can give .                               
I ' m always excited when I see two black holes , but this one was like an extra bonus .                                                       
So they ' ll spend a few hundred pounds more , even if they have to pay for that through credit for a few months .                                             
But I really respect the mom who is letting him be himself and discover who he is and what he wants to do in life .                                             
Jamie made a mistake , he owned up to the mistake , he ' s paid a high price and it ' s time we moved on .                                         
That will be a tough test for us and on the back of that we ' ll fly straight to France and get ready for the big one .                                       
Senior officers have previously appeared before the committee to given evidence about the case , which involved officers attempting to determine details of a journalist ' s sources .                                       
I ' ve always said that I ' ve got to look my kids in the eyes and you want to play fair .                                                 
Not only were the public not to be informed , but the crisis was also to be kept from most of the government , including the Cabinet itself .                                       
And actually he ' s trapped across parts of the deep south where many just aren ' t used to the snow and ice .                                               
You ' re making £ 9 , 000 a year , may as well let me try to make my dreams come true .                                                 
" I look at it and I know that it had to be not just about me and them , but them and somebody older than them when they were younger , and whatever happened to them when they were younger ," Kelly said .       
The best position to be a coach is the goalkeeper because he doesn ' t move , and he sees everything .                                                     
If he puts everything together and does everything right I think you ' ll see a serious horse on Saturday .                                                       
The actor called for help and made sure the man was on his back , staying with him until medical services arrived .                                                   
For someone who was told at drama school that she had a " modern face ," the actor is certainly making a decent living in period drama .                                         
I have to say when they started dropping the water from those planes it was amazing , I have never seen anything like it .                                               
You could use a credit card to buy the annual ticket if you are able to pay it back each month .                                                     
She said : ' During my late teens and early 20s I have to say I was enjoying life a bit too much without ever thinking about my health .                                       
Since its dramatic gains in the general election , the SNP has hired many new staff who might have to be sacked because of the proposals , a party source said .                                 
It is nice to get the three goals and that is confidence for the team as we had a difficult week ahead .                                                   
And it did not take long for me to recognize there was nothing I could have done to prepare for the first .                                                   
In October , Mexican officials said they had " broken up " and arrested the group responsible for helping him escape .                                                     
The president responded that those criminals illegally purchase weapons from others who should ' ve been subject to background checks .                                                       
Although the UN had received a copy on Monday ( as a member of the UN security council , the UK would automatically have had a copy ) the government had not " officially " received , he said .                 
Special measures have been lifted at a council but a watchdog has warned there should be " no let - up in the drive for improvement " at its schools .                                   
" The cabinet has banned the entry of all Saudi products and products from Saudi Arabia ," a government statement said .                                                     
" They just told me pack up my clothes and if I have any pictures I want just to make sure that I have them packed and ready to go in case ," she said .                         
Pro - EU campaigners might be right that Britain could ' fail ' outside the EU , he suggested , but insisted the country would recover .                                           
He ' s very opposite on me with guns , and he ' s opposite on pro - life , and he ' s opposite on a lot of things , so I would love to have Michael get in the race .           
Earlier , a source with knowledge of the talks had said the opposition committee ' s representatives would not make it to Geneva by Friday .                                             
" You can ' t go to a party like that and post pictures on social media and think that nothing is going to happen ," he said .                                       
All he did was what any leader in his role would have done and said , no more no less .                                                       
It ' s going to get to the point where people are going to go : I ' m not paying $ 10 a month for 10 stand - alone apps .                                 
The company has admitted the problems stem from an effort launched in 2005 to gain a bigger market share in the U . S . market .                                           
" We weren ' t exposed to things we didn ' t have in the same way kids these days are ," said Obama .                                               
You put yourself in an office environment in Australia , and there ' s no way that ' s going to fly .                                                   
Those two candidates have a rough road past New Hampshire no matter what , unlike Rubio or Trump , who is the biggest challenge to Cruz .                                           
All the cases so far discovered in Europe have been in people who recently returned from trips to Latin America or the Caribbean .                                                 
Our world is changing , and kids are spending a lot of time with media -- and they ' re doing it in a variety of ways and on many platforms .                                 
It was in this camp that police say those responsible trained for the January 14 assault in Indonesia ' s capital .                                                     
I ' ve always said if you want to be known as a western director you have to make three of them , so I guess I might have to do one more .                             
The wealth of the Russian president - whose official salary is about £ 80 , 000 - has long been the subject of speculation .                                               
The findings prompted leading figures to express their concerns that the lack of diversity meant the arts were becoming the preserve of the rich .                                               
Those who come here illegally will be sent home after being provided an opportunity to have their cases and humanitarian claims heard , consistent with our laws and values .                                     
The basic message is that this is not something for people to be concerned about and it ' s good to know especially if you want to make an educated decision about drinking and exercise .                         
Her research shows that , in opposition - controlled areas , many are joining armed groups because they offer the only opportunity to earn a salary .                                           
When you ' re playing someone so great you have to come out with a lot of fire and intensity .                                                       
I would have taken up a much smaller amount of time and resources if I had been able to receive help very early on in my illness .                                         
Even just walking through heavy snow , particularly if a person is older or out of shape , can pose health risks .                                                   
Asked whether he was prepared for the possibility of a UK exit , Cameron said : " I don ' t think that is the right answer for the reasons I have given .                               
The Government minister with responsibility for tax collection has said he cannot tell the public whether search giant Google has broken any tax laws .                                               
" If you want to campaign for someone - that ' s fine - but that ' s between the child and the parents ," she said .                                         
Now , whatever your political views , most people would agree that our chancellor is one of the best readers of the game of politics .                                             
Just seven people were charged by the Metropolitan Police , while one person out of 30 reported offenders was charged in South Yorkshire .                                                 
Those who are " self - sufficient " would also be free to live in Britain , including those who are looking for jobs .                                               
I was in a really dark place , but eventually my sister found out - there was an explosion of words and then we did something about it .                                       
She last served as President Obama ' s communications director , but left the White House in March to join the Clinton campaign .                                                 
All the options are open for these horses but the trials give us a starting point to make sure they are on course .                                                 
I don ' t think that over five sets in Australia he can stay back and trade from the back of the court .                                                 
It has already been at the centre of attention in the post - attack investigation as several members suspected of links to terrorist networks have been discovered here .                                       
The 17 - year - old suffered a serious head injury , while the 16 - year - old girl suffered non - life - threatening injuries .                                         
The big inner city courts were protected ; they didn ' t look at the needs of the court user but the needs of professionals .                                             
But after he was accused of the sex attacks , she armed herself with a knife while drunk on the night of November 28 , 2014 and repeatedly stabbed him .                                   
Over 80 % of victims of sexual and personal violence do not have sufficient confidence in our criminal justice system to report what has happened to them .                                         
She was holding him in the water when the boat hit so while she lost her left leg , his right leg was badly injured .                                             
The cast and crew seemed aware that even though they were shooting a TV show , the role they played with Cuban people was much more significant .                                         
' One of them was from a mum who said she had been looking at her personal feed on Facebook , and felt that she was suffering while all she could see was other people ' s brilliant family pictures .               
The film was shot in Canada and Argentina in harsh conditions described as a living hell by some members of the cast and crew .                                               
She added that she hoped that a report into the 12 - month - old ' s death would have far - reaching implications .                                               
The fire caused no loss of life and few injuries , but it poses tough questions about the safety of many of Dubai ' s high - rise buildings .                                     
I don ' t know why none of us did but maybe if we had , she would still be alive .                                                     
You loved our country and I knew you on many flights we took together in defence of our wildlife heritage .                                                       
I ' m looking forward to going into battle with those guys all year long and for the rest of our careers .                                                   
Yet the team continues to pursue hundreds of other cases in which British soldiers could face the threat of charges of murder or assault .                                               
There is an increasing awareness and concern at how we treat , use and abuse animals , and this is growing year on year .                                               
I want to play like I did at the beginning of the season and that is what I ' m trying to do .                                                 
But many of the next big things in sports tech are coming from companies you may not have heard of .                                                       
In the 1960s it seemed to me as a young man entering Cambridge University that engineering , and the related activity of manufacturing , were well past their prime .                                     
The second half was a bit more difficult in terms of the wind and the pitch as it wasn ' t a good surface to play on .                                         
" It seems the Labour front bench has come up with the wrong answer to an important educational problem ," he said .                                                   
A senior defense official says the sharp increases were due largely to students ' growing confidence in the reporting system and expanded awareness programs that over the past several years have included training , videos and information sessions for both students and leaders .         
And long - term married couples are the least likely to make time for a regular night out , with one in four of those married for more than 10 years not seeing the need .                         
Both winners said the crowds at this year ' s event seemed similar to last year , although official numbers found the four - day crowd was slightly smaller at just over 100 , 000 .                         
In Europe and the US , thousands of extra police have been deployed across the country to cope with the fears of an attack .                                               
It ' s more about he feels so comfortable being this person and he makes everyone around him feel good about themselves and that ' s the message .                                       
The local school district announced there would be classes on Monday , after a week without school because of safety concerns .                                                     
" France must take the lead by requiring equipment manufacturers to consider the need of police access ," it adds .                                                       
" I know exactly what I was doing , but I won ' t say it ," Simon said after pushing Djokovic to five sets .                                             
And once there , those songs stay , even once we ' ve passed through our teenage stage , grown up and got on with our lives .                                         
There is plenty of talk about compensation for people receiving transfer payments ... what about the compensation for people who are running businesses , going to work every day , backing themselves every day ?                           
" You can spend money and get no outcome , so we have a view that what we ' re being asked to achieve is less than reasonable ," he said .                                 
I didn ' t plant these past ten years and that has kind of been the amazing thing about it .                                                       
Real moments at home , not directed by dad , are simply captured on a smartphone and turned into movie quality magic .                                                   
When asked how the U . S . should respond , " This is a situation between Saudi Arabia and Iran , it ' s not a situation directly with the United States " Rubio said .                         
Still , it ' s far from certain that either the finance - focused start - ups or the bigger technology companies have found a way to generate sustainable profits from investment features .                             
Its fourth - quarter profit declined 38 percent from a year ago , and its shares dropped 4 percent in after - hours trading .                                               
In all 15 seasons or so they ' ve done this , I ' ve never sat down to watch it .                                                     
The prosecutor needs to file an application to the district court within 48 hours after a criminal has been arrested .                                                       
Oil and gas account for around half of Russian state revenues and the government has said it will have to make cuts to the budget for 2016 , which was adopted in October and based on an oil price of $ 50 per barrel .       
As they make it through a dangerous journey , the first thing refugees need is to find shelter , food and access to care .                                               
The presidential hopeful has admitted that her decision to use a private email server at her New York home was a mistake .                                                   
The Air Force refused to make that public , saying the report is classified , even though the service ' s own policy requires the public release of accident board reports .                                 
Now someone ' s released the slow - motion button and you ' re seeing it in real time ," he said .                                                   
In December 2014 I moved out of the property as he was having a baby with his partner and he needed the room I used as my office for the baby .                                 
When you ' re competing for business , you ' re not going to turn it down because you can ' t use law firm A rather than law firm B .                                 
We ' ll have a look and see how they ' re going , see how their bodies are and see who ' s going to be best for the conditions that we ' re faced with .                     
I didn ' t really expect so many people to watch my video but I think that it shows [ how much ] Hong Kong people [ care ] about this issue .                               
He has made news on and off screen for decades , but this may have been his biggest role yet and now , he ' s hearing critics ' reviews .                                   
I ' ve done so because I feel under the Welsh Labour government my family ' s future is at risk .                                                     
I love England and the people around here but while we have lived in the area , it has got worse over the years .                                               
However , it didn ' t take me long to discover that people are too wrapped up in their own appearance to focus on anyone else ' s .                                       
Mr Obama needs to consider how to help the Afghan government get through what is certain to be another tough year .                                                     
" The message is this : we are a generous people , and we are a nation of immigrants ," he said .                                                   
To get to number one you have to do it through the whole year , it ' s no use doing it six or seven days through the year .                                     
Ohio State and Alabama , two of the most popular programs in college football , played a game that went down to the final play .                                             
The renewed share suspension in China caused global shares to fall sharply on Thursday , with Wall Street opening more than 1 % lower and European markets trading 2 % down .                                 
However , both candidates , like essentially all of the Democrats and Republicans in the race , made clear that voter participation is now the deciding factor .                                         
But I do think that he can come back from it and I will absolutely be behind him 100 per cent .                                                     
They ' ve got a great team and a great defence all around the park but if we create the chances , we ' re bound to get a goal or two .                               
We don ' t really realise what exactly we ' re taking in when we read it or watch it on the television .                                                 
We ' re getting this change in the weather because of this Atlantic low coming in [ during the early hours of ] Friday .                                               
It helps the team - the memory of having done that before and winning the game helps you to hang on sometimes .                                                   
About 1 , 000 men were gathered on the square in front of the city ' s main station on Thursday night , although only a small number of them are believed to have been involved in the attacks .                 
I don ' t want to rush it , because I ' ve been rushed back before and dropped after a game .                                                   
" Sometimes decisions are big , but they ' re easy to make ," he said of his resignation from the ministry .                                                   
That ' s right , the rich lined up against the poor and the interests of immigrants over the British - born .                                                   
Another way of putting this is that every hour you spend sitting watching TV cuts about 20 minutes off your life .                                                     
I often had to use this technique in North Korea , because I didn ' t have time to set up .                                                     
Those who have a close relative with the condition , or who are from a black or South Asian background are also at increased risk .                                             
Egypt ' s Interior Ministry describes the incident as a minor clash between security and a small of group of protesters .                                                     
He told Radio Times : " The BBC may have ruled me out , but I don ' t rule out the BBC .                                                   
My family , my partner and friends are coming to watch and I want to do well for them and for the team .                                                 
The total number of white people shot by police in the US is still higher than the number of black people , but of course white people are in the overall majority .                               
He said it was only recently after 16 years of marriage that he opened up to her about his fears .                                                       
' There ' s nothing to stop anyone being registered for fixed protection that we can see in the draft legislation or under the terms of earlier versions of the Protection .                                 
" When you ' re playing against India , you ' re clearly going to put your best side on the park ," French said .                                             
They just need to know how he ended up by the tracks , and I would urge anyone who can help us give them the answers they need to contact us .                                 
Oil prices were flat after rising as much as 4 % on Monday following the dispute between Saudi Arabia and Iran .                                                     
Over the last few weeks , he ' s been impressive , scoring a career - high 31 points against the Warriors on Jan .                                               
I was thinking that we were all going to die , it ' s just a matter of time ," she said .                                                   
" We ' re aware that we ' ve got a lot of hard work to do to win back the public ' s trust ," he said .                                       
The 57 - year - old singer posted a series of tweets this morning after it emerged the rock star had died following his secret 18 - month battle with cancer .                                 
The report that sparked the protests was spread on social media and has so far been watched more than a million times on Facebook .                                               
As we approach the junior doctors " strike , I have been asked a lot about the mood at the hospital .                                                     
Given that he ' s 8 - 1 to be at Real Madrid by the end of this month he might even - who knows - never score for them again .                                 
The fact is we needed to get strength on the counter attack and needed pace - that ' s why I made that decision .                                               
However when asked whether he would pay it back immediately , before any potential investigation had been carried out , he did not comment .                                               
" Yes , let ' s have some guidelines and try to get them going faster , and everybody can benefit as long as it ' s done in a controlled way ," he said .                         
People have to understand that and not be upset if sometimes they can ' t get a photo or something to do with me .                                               
The poll also found that 41 percent of Americans said that they would like to stay at their present weight , according to the poll .                                             
There are obviously players at Liverpool who were bought by other managers , that he is going to want to get out of the club .                                             
The Taliban , which are fighting to restore strict Islamic rule in place before the group was removed from power in 2001 , are divided on whether to participate in any future talks .                             
" First off , it ' s really great that they ' re fans of the show , but second -- they ' re people ," the Denver , Colorado native said of dealing with all the star power the show is getting this season .     
The device is similar to a video camera in that it actually looks deep into the skin and highlights the blood flow on the display .                                             
But I always want to call something by the ingredients in it so you know what you ' re getting .                                                       
She said that she would love for her son to continue being active , but she said she understands the most important thing is that he ' s healthy .                                     
We ' re grateful for the support we ' ve had from the public since the BBC ' s proposals became known on Sunday .                                               
" To be honest , it was all those people who said I would never come back and never be the same player as before ," he said .                                       
Next , capacity or seat supply is right where the airlines want it , which is down more than 10 percent from the pre - 2008 fuel crisis .                                       
But a source close to the family told the Sunday Times : ' His mother and father were extremely worried for his safety after he told them that he was in Syria .                                 
The prosecutor said the father acknowledged he lost his sense of reason when he saw that the child was no longer moving .                                                   
And , you know , the laws of supply and demand mean that if something ' s harder to get and it ' s a little more expensive to get , then fewer people get them .                       
The 22 - year - old made his debut for the Brazil national team last year and has scored 15 goals for the Italian club in 64 appearances .                                       
A year after being assaulted , I look at the experience as the best thing that ever happened to me .                                                       
Human eyes can spot faces within their environment and it helps them recognise friends in a crowd , work out how fast a car is travelling , and see patterns .                                   
Asked whether they put on weight during their last holiday abroad , 44 per cent said yes , while just over a quarter said they lost weight .                                         
This will be essential if Scotland is to maintain its newly - acquired pay lead over England in the coming years .                                                     
But then what ' s the point in having a voice at all if I ' m not going to use it for what I truly believe in ?                                       
Campbell , who turns 44 in February , won ' t be the only West Australian link to the Hong Kong side come the World Cup .                                           
Birmingham ' s unemployment is more than twice the United Kingdom average and much worse than in other regional cities .                                                       
But while millions of people are prepared to spend hundreds of pounds on these devices , others have privacy and security concerns .                                                   
I don ' t just throw things out there ... I put things out there that are real goals to achieve but they are challenging .                                             
While Apple reported this week that iPhone sales hit a record 74 . 8 million units in the last three quarters of 2015 , that ' s still below some analysts ' expectations .                             
Another man , 51 - year - old William Mark Murphy , is also charged with causing Mr Brady ' s death by dangerous driving .                                             
Nearly 50 , 000 refugees have landed in Berlin , most from Muslim - majority countries such as Syria , Afghanistan , Egypt and Iraq .                                             
Police previously called at the apartment on New Year ' s Eve to check if the father was all right after the US embassy contacted them , saying the man ' s colleagues were concerned after not hearing from him in some time .         
GDP expanded by 0 . 8 percent between October and December from the previous three months , same as in the third quarter .                                                 
The giant tech company says revenue could fall at least 8 . 6 percent during the January - March quarter , compared with a year earlier .                                           
A March deal could push the referendum - expected in June - into the autumn , with a mid - September date possible .                                                 
But they are going to vote , and the Republican candidate who takes a stand on their issues is likely to get their attention .                                               
On my personal Facebook page , people of all ages were sharing the article , urging friends and family to read it .                                                   
The group of 13 - and 14 - year - olds , most of them African - American , included athletes who went to the 2014 Little League World Series .                                   
" I often tell people when I speak publicly that we ' re in the business of whatever happens next ," Scott said during a Monday morning press conference .                                     
" The question that ' s left still hanging is why they came in the North Sea in the first place and whether the French , the German events are all connected in some way ," he said on Tuesday .               
The car , which is set to be revealed tonight , will be a concept vehicle with a production model set to hit the roads by 2020 .                                         
The bodies were returned by Israel on Friday ( January 2 ), in some cases several weeks after being killed .                                                       
A new deadline of New Year ' s Eve was agreed and has since been missed , forcing Martin to admit : " Here it is , the first of January .                                   
The challenge that we have here now is once again it looks like if you ' re a young person of color in America , you ' re guilty until proven innocent .                               
There ' s a lot of brands that don ' t want to dress me because I ' m not sample size ... but it just goes to show I have a decision as well - I don ' t have to dress with your clothing .   
If these people are driving as part of their business and they are taking more risks as a result , in return they should face higher enforcement .                                         
Next year , the US company plans to open its new head office , which will house 5 , 000 employees , in Old Street , central London .                                       
When contacted by phone last Thursday , his wife , herself a writer , told me she had been unable to reach him on his mobile phone .                                         
The rules also say that it ' s best not to " save up units " and drink them all in one go and to make sure you have alcohol - free days .                             
" We have got to be confident , that is probably one thing we have learned from the past ," he told BBC Scotland .                                               
It means that we can now operate on patients who would have otherwise been told that nothing could be done .                                                       
I didn ' t feel as though I was playing great in the first four or five games of the season , like everyone in the team , and the performances showed that .                             
I would like to bring him in with us 2 - 0 in the lead to make it 3 - 0 or 4 - 0 but in the last two games it was the complete opposite situation .                     
For a child who doesn ' t always find school an easy thing or there are barriers , I really enjoy supporting kids and finding ways to reduce those barriers for them .                               
I can only come up with not having to worry about it , which seems pretty good but apparently isn ' t positive enough .                                               
Police have said they will be investigating into the cause of the fire , but it is not believed to be suspicious .                                                   
Not that there weren ' t moments Sunday when it looked as if they might start a different sort of streak .                                                     
As the lowest paid professionals we will also have to get into £ 56 , 000 of debt , so will never be able to pay it off .                                       
During the commission ' s November meeting , some members weren ' t convinced there was enough demand to warrant a second permanent area .                                               
Last September , only a week after Corbyn ' s overwhelming election as leader , the Sunday Times quoted " a senior serving general ," who warned that " feelings are running very high within the armed forces " about the possibility of a Corbyn government .   
And there ' s now some actual data that is showing that childhood obesity for the first time is on the decline .                                                   
But what she considered as ' the worst ' of their behaviour was their treatment of women , saying many of the male refugees did not take her seriously .                                     
I don ' t know where people get this idea from that big movies can ' t be as much of a challenge as an independent film .                                         
The Calais mayor ' s office says migrants have taken advantage of a protest by supporters to board a ship in the port in northern France .                                           
The cost of eating out , shopping and activities make a big difference to how much you spend on a holiday overall , so consider exchange rates and the cost of key items such as food and drink .                   
The company , one of the UK ' s biggest coach makers , denied it is in talks with Chinese bus manufacturers .                                                   
And the fact that such words as ' possibly ' and ' probably ' were used in the report , means there is no proof , nothing concrete against us .                                   
That ' s because these officers are unique among the nation ' s major airports : They don ' t carry guns .                                                   
But , while there are 10 more ethnic minority Labour MPs , there are 15 more Tory ones compared to the last parliament .                                                 
The sign was not made to display the crazy new total : a record - breaking $ 1 . 4 billion .                                                     
He will say that the next five years should be dominated by " a bright , green and liberal programme " for Scotland .                                                 
The number of workers in part - time jobs wanting a full - time post is 1 . 2 million , down by 21 , 000 in the latest three months .                                 
" I ' ve always had a pretty good drive to be the best that I can possibly be ," he said .                                                   
The first was that he had only a couple of minor cuts to his right - hand shoulder , caused he suspects by broken glass .                                             
To make matters worse , Apple is expected to forecast a drop in iPhone sales for the first three months of 2016 - the first time that sales will fall since the iPhone was launched in 2007 .                     
" I ' ve known him for a while and it feels like it ' s something he ' s not done talking about ," he said .                                         
This way , it says , the government will get a better return on the sale of government real estate and buildings .                                                   
I don ' t know if she intended doing this at the start of the night but maybe the reason she got drunk is maybe to go through with it .                                   
The data shows that those who are saving in Europe are cutting back on non - essential items to do so .                                                     
People magazine shed some light on the state of her mind this week : ' Her heart is in pieces ,' a source told the publication .                                             
The proportion of children in such households has fallen faster , dropping from 17 . 6 % to 11 . 4 %, the report says .                                             
In 2000 , he was sentenced to six years ' jail with a minimum of three for conspiracy to commit an armed robbery .                                                 
The first approach would be moral , telling a story about the impact of dangerous driving and appealing to the driver ' s better nature .                                             
" To you , the people of Flint , I say tonight as I have before : I am sorry , and I will fix it ," he said .                                     
He pointed out that it had been the British government that had first insisted on allowing free movement of Polish workers as soon as Poland joined the EU in the 1990s when all other countries had wanted a seven - year transition before allowing free movement .   
I spent the next 10 years in the middle of this thing , with all the promotion and no time to write .                                                   
And if people in California had guns , a couple of guns in that room , you wouldn ' t have had 16 people killed .                                             
She said : ' If it is going to save the dog ' s life that ' s something I would do , yes .                                                 
' We monitor research closely and there is a large research programme in place to help us understand and respond to the challenges of Alzheimer ' s .                                         
The court said the ruling applied to all acts that have been taken or will be taken by the current assembly .                                                     
Next , at a Fed Cup dinner in April , Taylor asked the former junior No . 1 to predict where she would finish the year .                                           
You keep saying you don ' t want to take away everybody ' s guns , but there ' s a lot of people out there tonight watching who don ' t believe you .                           
' But if truth be told , sometimes the writing goes well and sometimes it doesn ' t , and that was true for me even when I was in my 20s .                               
It starts from the top ... from our own president , that they have to look at him and wonder , do you know what we go through , do you know what we ' re trying to do to secure America ?           
The Metropolitan police were unable to confirm to the Guardian on Friday that officers had been called to a report of sexual assault at the property .                                           
" The big difference between New Zealand and Australia is that it will be a big challenge to do it before Christmas because of our weather ," White said .                                     
It ' s amazing how someone who is out of the game that long can still knock down open shots like she does .                                                 
Ten years ago I would have been treating no more than three people at any one time for alcohol - related brain damage .                                                 
And I think we have pictures in the polls have me winning but who knows about polls and the only poll is hopeful that .                                               
England have not won a Six Nations title since 2012 ; Ireland have won two and France one since then while Italy have shown they can trip up the best .                                   
With the country on high alert since then and right through the New Year holiday season , soldiers will be out in force protecting official buildings and religious sites for the " Charlie " anniversary .                         
You could also get work colleagues involved in a weight loss challenge or sign up for a charity sport event so you have something to aim for .                                         
But by 2013 the company was also in financial trouble , having burned through tens of millions of investor dollars .                                                       
He added : ' There is a problem if - as we had with the debate on Syria - our principal spokesman stands up ... and puts a completely different line to the leader of the Labour Party .                     
Meanwhile , relations between Venezuela and the United States have been on hold , with neither country having appointed an ambassador to the other since 2010 .                                           
The Broncos certainly went wild against Brady , hitting him 23 times , all the more amazing given how quickly Brady usually gets rid of the ball .                                         
On Thursday November 9 , 1989 , I was playing fairly late and was surprised at the high volume of passengers .                                                     
It wasn ' t immediately clear if any senior officials were trapped in the restaurant , but security teams announced all civilians and workers were rescued .                                           
However some experts say that nuclear has been the critical factor in the country ' s ability to grow the economy while cutting carbon .                                               
The thing you can rely on about self - interested people is that they won ' t really be interested in you .                                                   
He added that some analysts had suggested the tax payment should be " at least 10 times " the amount Google agreed to pay .                                               
China is North Korea ' s most important ally , chief trading partner and a key source of economic assistance .                                                       
It is a common complaint in more remote areas that the distance you have to travel to see the latest films can be quite considerable .                                             
She did extremely well during her first year and was just short of the mark she needed for a First .                                                       
I had to train really , really hard and that ' s the advice I can give , because if you don ' t work hard somebody else will .                                     
Earlier Thursday , Kerry rejected Iranian criticism of Washington ' s use of economic sanctions , saying they are imposed when appropriate .                                                   
On balance , the US economy is in decent shape ( outside of manufacturing ) and economic conditions in Europe are improving as well .                                               
If anyone would like to help set something up with all the services under one roof please get in touch with me .                                                   
Of a claimed hotel meeting he wrote : " I would like to know which hotel , because I wasn ' t there .                                                   
There may be the situation in which a number of people would like to come out openly and say ' I don ' t agree with the party leadership on the EU ', but prefer not to say so in public .             
They did the best they possibly could have under very difficult conditions that were being experienced right across the coast .                                                       
A spokesman for the couple previously said they were keen to avoid speculation and would make no further comment on the matter .                                                   
Fed officials said in an updated forecast released Wednesday that they think the economy will grow between 3 . 4 percent and 3 . 9 percent this year .                                       
But it ' s been weeks [ since the refugee camp opened ], and I have a different opinion now .                                                       
Sweden has taken in more asylum seekers per head than any other European country and says it can no longer cope .                                                     
It is the second time Canberra United has faced international opposition , having lost 3 - 1 to South Korea B in a mid - season friendly in 2010 .                                     
It ' s a huge chance to get a lot of good education in terms of what does it take to become an international player .                                             
If I was alone I ' d never finish the entire bottle , as that would cross a line in my head .                                                   
About 3 , 000 new people are reportedly arriving in Greece every day , and almost 3 , 800 people died trying to cross the Mediterranean last year .                                       
The contest ' s representatives have now paid tribute to the late broadcaster who died from cancer at age 77 .                                                       
I ' m not going to blame the arm completely because in the dressing room it wasn ' t a problem at all .                                                 
So we have another weather call in about two hours and I ' ll make a decision at that time as to what I ' m going to do as we get a better handle on it .                     
A decision may come as soon as March , though regulators are still seeking information on the case , which could mean it will take longer .                                           
" So even if the price falls to $ 15 per barrel , Iran can afford to export it ," he said .                                                   
He said that it is unknown whether allowing longer tweets would cause " a sea change " in how people use Twitter .                                                   
" We hope this will be a positive experience ... today is about the positive nature you can feel in this room ," he added .                                             
She posted a picture of her husband on a boat with the caption , " You can now see that sun daily !                                                     
There was a phone message warning us that impact was due in one hour - we were outside and did not receive it .                                                 
" This is hard for me say this , but it ' s the truth and you need to hear it : Your country is a nation in decline ," Rubio said in mid - January at New England College , according to New Hampshire Public Radio . 
Sweden is often held up as a role model in this regard having increased GDP by almost 60 % over the past 25 years while cutting carbon by a fifth .                                   
This latest poll , which took place January 26 - 29 , has Clinton ahead of Sanders by only 3 points .                                                     
It ' s my hope girls who pick up the book will read it and know they are seen , heard and loved .                                                 
When he ' s talking about that people are scared that you ' re going to take away our freedom , it ' s not just the freedom of whether I have to take a background check or not .                 
The top issues discussed on Facebook were immigration , the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ), Islam and Muslims , the size of government , and the economy .                                 
Police first issued warnings earlier this week after four cars and a bus were damaged in nine separate reported incidents .                                                       
" I ' m well aware that little ones can get into trouble in six inches of water ," he said .                                                     
People who have been in the industry for 30 or 40 years tell me these are some of the most difficult conditions facing our industry .                                             
The AFL does allow clubs to hold open one rookie spot on their list until the end of the pre - season , then fill it for a need .                                     
We welcome the leading role the UK has played in offering international aid to places affected by conflict , especially in the Syria region .                                               
What I learned from my family is that if this is truly what you love to do , everything has a cost .                                                   
I said too many times this is a good club with good energy , a good strategy and our fans are very close to us .                                             
We ran away from Syria to Turkey for a safe place to work and live in but now Turkey has become as dangerous as Syria .                                             
All three suspects , who were arrested and released during the initial investigation in 2005 , were arrested again November 21 , with authorities citing new evidence against them .                                     
The reforms enable health care providers to report names of patients with mental health issues into the background check system .                                                       
And , of course , investors who sell their shares in a buy - back need to find some other asset to replace that source of income .                                         
He has got three years left on his contract and I don ' t see any reason , if there is nothing wrong with the player , why the club should protect him .                             
The classes are filmed at her Melbourne studio once a month and then sent via email to students across the country .                                                     
It has always been a property which attracted interest and at one stage caught the eye of the future Queen Victoria , who stayed there for long periods as a child .                                 
Nearly half a million new homes in England and Wales have planning permission but are yet to be built , according to recent figures from the Local Government Association .                                     
According to a report in the News and Star , she recalled spending time with the teenager hours before he was killed .                                                   
When the final shot hit the net and I put my hands up to face , it was more relief than anything else .                                                 
Murray said he would be heading straight back to the UK , where his wife Kim is due to give birth to the couple ' s first child .                                       
A spokesman for Mr Corbyn added : " The reason [ for the move ] is conference can be a bit flat after the leader ' s speech .                                         
" It ' s like opening a Christmas present , you never know what the data ' s going to look like ," she said .                                             
" It ' s just a celebration of a great career that ' s still got a lot of years left ," Williams said .                                               
If Tory MPs are prepared to vote against the Government on a matter of finance , then that ' s a big deal .                                                 
I see so many girls I know get treated badly , and I wanted to make sure my son didn ' t grow up to be like that .                                       
The study of Latin American women comes just a few months after a British study endorsed the benefits of an active middle age .                                                 
If I could put myself in a young Muslim girl ' s shoes I would say to myself - I live in a peaceful , developed country .                                         
The SNP and Scottish Labour are both strongly opposed to the bill , and have made efforts to have it blocked north of the border .                                             
The group is also growing its social and old media presence , and has a loose network of 10 volunteers who lead its investigations , in particular its Freedom of Information work .                               
They say the prime minister is still prepared to walk away from the February summit without a deal if he judges that it is not good enough for Britain .                                     
" The main problem is that she ' s got quite a large area of bone missing from the front of her head , which is basically just brain and skin , so this area needs to be protected ," she said .           
I directed at least two plays every year , as well as being mainly responsible for practical aspects of running the theatre .                                                   
If you want to change what they eat , a more even - handed message that contains both positive and negative information is the way to go .                                         
For him , creating a dance which anyone , of any age or ability could perform , was both a moral as well as a creative challenge .                                         
More than 1 million refugees and migrants escaped to Europe in 2015 , the U . N . refugee agency said .                                                     
The former England captain was informed the club would not be offering him a third 12 - month extension at a meeting before last weekend ' s win at Arsenal .                                   
One third of the children there don ' t go to school , and those that do have over 100 students in their class .                                               
He said he would like to be a " minister for infrastructure " in party leader Jeremy Corbyn ' s cabinet as he is " quite good on building stuff " in the interview with the Sunday Times .                   
The couple first met when Jessica ' s parents asked Nick to help kick - start her career in 2009 .                                                       
It was Top 3 in New York , where more than 25 inches of snow had fallen as of 7 p . m .                                                 
He argued that the Chinese currency will not drop as sharply as some fear because China has strong underlying public finances .                                                     
During the trip , Obama plans to talk about the economic progress both states have made under his administration and discuss the agenda for the rest of his term .                                     
She will be ranked at least fourth in the world after the tournament and will move as high as number two if she wins .                                               
Both reforms had a direct impact on the proportion of leave taken by the father so that by 2014 men were taking 25 % of all the days available to the couple .                               
Even during the market ' s long periods of seemingly steady rise , it ' s down on at least as many days as it ' s up .                                       
The price of U . S . oil has climbed 9 . 5 % over the last three days amid signs that production may be reduced , which would strengthen the fuel ' s price .                         
" How people use it and how people respond to it - that is going to be the best measure of success ," she said .                                             
The women ' s road race has moved from Saturday in a bid to give it more exposure , leading a packed Sunday schedule .                                               
Many people have the idea that a particular bank " looks after their banking " and that it ' s too hard to change .                                               
While Trump has a way of making problems seem easily overcome -- see his proposal to build a wall with a " big , beautiful door " to solve the nation ' s immigration issues -- his legal advice for Cruz is off the mark .     
In Go , however , there are about 200 possible moves , making the task of writing a winning program far more difficult .                                                 
To put that in context , the club had a win percentage of 73 per cent last season when they finished two points behind champions Barcelona , and 79 per cent the last time they won the title .                   
More than one million refugees and migrants travelled to Europe last year , most fleeing conflicts in Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan .                                                   
What do you think of this view , and how does the show deal with this more adult of young adult issues ?                                                   
Five people have been taken to hospital , including two in a serious condition , after a crash in the state ' s north on Monday morning .                                         
If China wants to be able to properly and effectively tackle its terrorism problems at home and abroad , it needs to start to think in this way too .                                     
If approved , the company would run up to 30 truck trips a day for as long as six months to move the remaining crude .                                             
The report also highlighted a scheme in north - east London , where hospital and ambulance staff were working together to provide emergency care in people ' s homes .                                     
And last week striker David Williams , who had been with the club since its early days , also left .                                                       
" I will not campaign for , vote for or support any candidate , even in my own party , who does not support common - sense gun reform ," Obama wrote .                               
The 47 - year - old has been amazing audiences all over the globe with his performances for nearly three decades .                                                     
The couple , whose names were not released , were arrested Tuesday at the apartment where they lived with the 7 - year - old boy , a 12 - year - old son and a 14 - year - old daughter .           
" This is my time , this is my opportunity and I ' m all in ," he told The Brisbane Times .                                                   
And if you do that training every day , even just two weeks later you can feel positive mental results .                                                       
The alliance said there was a crisis of housing in rural areas with many young people being driven out of their native villages by a lack of affordable accommodation and public transport .                               
It was almost as if neither prisoners nor officers really had any respect for the environment in which they lived .                                                       
Another portion was spent on " emergency housing " for " more than eight women and children " in the North West .                                                   
One London family is already trying to bring legal action after their son was questioned about the Islamic State militant group .                                                     
That is why raising standards for every child , regardless of circumstances , is part of our plan to ensure everyone can achieve their full potential .                                           
If you look at what I ' ve been doing in the last six months since I ' ve been in the role as chief executive you ' ll see that we have continued to take action against the industry .               
Federal law currently requires all individuals " engaged in the business " of selling guns to obtain a license and conduct background checks on buyers .                                             
There were people from all across the world sending me messages - I must have received over 3 , 000 across that Saturday , Sunday and Monday .                                         
He will do it in a paper to all the EU ' s leaders , which they are expecting on Monday , 1 February .                                               
The S & P 500 index , regarded as a benchmark for the broader stock market , lost 0 . 7 percent for the year .                                             
He is one of the greatest players playing right now so it ' s going to be a really good match .                                                     
And the Raiders have also struggled to fill the stands despite winning its last 11 games at home , including all seven this season .                                               
I think that kind of takes away some of the stress that would normally be there , because you ' re actually getting to play and run up and down the floor .                               
Financial services firms and collection agencies in Canberra say the ACT ' s level of personal debt is no worse than other states or cities .                                             
You can be sure that he is motivated for this game , but whether or not the same can be said of his players is unclear .                                           
In today ' s economy , veterans and younger workers are facing unemployment rates that are more than double the national average .                                                   
Russian airstrikes in Syria have killed more than 1 , 000 civilians since they were launched almost four months ago , a monitoring organisation has said .                                           
A lot of the holes go left to right , so I can just hit driver and hit as hard as I want and keep the ball in play .                                     
That person didn ' t know whether it would be based on the number of guns sold or revenue generated through gun sales .                                                 
You may be surprised to hear that a US or Canadian user is worth $ 13 . 54 each quarter to Facebook , while someone in the Asia - Pacific region is only worth $ 1 . 59 to the social network .           
It ' s nice to know that I am wanted . I have lost a lot of confidence in myself over the last few months in my relationship and it ' s an easy go - to , to get a little boost .         
Then within a matter of seconds it is able to change the appearance of its face to become a much more dangerous - looking prospect .                                             
' He was operated on within an hour and a half ,' said father - of - one Chris , 32 .                                                     
It was not by accident that Putin endorsed him last December , and the official Russian media has taken the same line since then .                                               
' UK , UK ,' says the child , as he points in the direction of England , less than 30 miles across the Channel .                                             
Following the tragedy , scores of people reportedly claimed to have lost control of their vehicles on the same stretch of road .                                                   
No more small talk with semi - friends you see only at Christmas parties once a year , at which point you are forced to make small talk again .                                     
I got really heavy and had time off , but got my weight back down and then came back but six weeks later I broke my leg .                                         
A : On the new - home side we ' re at about 60 percent of the 40 - year average .                                                     
He said complete removal means there is a 70 per cent to 80 per cent chance of long - term survival .                                                     
' I don ' t have time to show you them all , but this is no joke ,' he continues .                                                     
She ' s one of my true friends that will tell me the truth no matter what because she doesn ' t have anything to gain or to lose and that ' s what I love about her .                   
Some are also possibly looking to the US government for action because of President Obama ' s remarks when he visited Kenya last year and called for " visible trials " to tackle corruption there .                         
' Now I ' ve come to realise everyone is on their own journey ; some are happy with how they look , others want to change and some a bit of both .                             
Then , because we were here and we were living here , we went about our normal day - to - day routine to the best of our ability .                                     
The disease has been in Mexico since the start of December but it seems to have stopped at the American border , almost as if it hasn ' t been allowed across .                               
Union leaders seem to be in danger of losing control in the face of demands for an all - out strike .                                                     
I ' ve been in Manchester all this time , but I want to get away from here now after what has happened .                                                 
However , after being hit with the 41 per cent increase , he has made a " hip - pocket decision " to reduce his 100 per cent contribution to 50 per cent .                             
Three plus - size women say they are living proof you don ' t have to be thin to be healthy .                                                     
The Independent was able to buy a ticket , but could not view the numbers once it had been purchased .                                                       
We are aware these people have given great service to their country and we are very concerned about what is happening .                                                     
It was the shock I needed to make me re - examine my existence and it led to me meeting the man I have no doubt really will see me all the way to my grave .                       
Earlier this week , Republican Texas Sen . Ted Cruz ' s campaign said it had raised nearly $ 20 million in the fourth quarter .                                             
We study film and try to make sure we ' re prepared in knowing how and when he likes to run and try to do our best to stop it .                                   
He said : ' The issue is that there are too many choices and you can ' t always get through quickly to the help you need .                                           
But $ 10 million is still a significant amount , particularly if you believe he could have some reasonable use .                                                       
" They say they don ' t have that much control over North Korea , they have total control because without China they wouldn ' t be able to eat ," he said .                             
What I do find is that if you ' re a team in front , you chase to get four tries .                                                     
The economy is in better shape than that of any other big , rich country ; unemployment is low ; so is violent crime .                                               
Mr Cameron has faced calls to allow his cabinet a free hand in the campaign as several members are known to want to leave Europe - despite Mr Cameron being likely to keep Britain in .                         
We know that there would have been people close by , and people came to Daniel ' s aid very quickly .                                                     
It was not immediately clear what action , if any , the 15 - nation council was planning to take in response to the test claims .                                           
The final attempt was made last year , according to the report , after Barcelona had dominated Real in Europe and at home , but again they were knocked back .                                   
It doesn ' t matter where someone comes from , it matters what they did and that we can prove it .                                                     
It literally hits close to home for conservatives who are worried about what their kids are being taught , he said .                                                     
The government ' s intent is that these sales will be replaced one for one but this will be very difficult if not impossible to achieve .                                           
Australia ' s male and female players enjoy a broad range of rights and conditions that previous generations had planned and hoped for them .                                               
But we really do try to slip a crazy color in there for those who just want to express themselves .                                                       
He questioned whether it even makes sense for Twitter to try to compete as a social media platform , particularly when Facebook and Instagram do social better , and Google and YouTube do media better .                         
" The police shouldn ' t work like this ," he said , as it emerged only a handful of people had been arrested .                                               
According to a new study from the University of Georgia , saying thank you more often might just save your marriage .                                                     
An eight - year - old was among tens of thousands of children held overnight in police cells last year , new figures have revealed .                                             
It started with a very small core group of people and only grew when necessary in order to make something happen .                                                     
In looking for its next leader , the board went straight from a list of more than 100 to a group of six or seven that it wanted to interview .                                   
It ' s a great club and we ' ve shown that we can be up there fighting at the top end of the league .                                             
In fact , says the Washington Post , the cross - border flow from Mexico has fallen by 75 per cent since 2000 , much of that during the Obama years .                                 
The Federal Reserve said it is watching developments in the world economy and financial markets and how they might affect the U . S . economy .                                           
The attack have been seized by right - wing groups as evidence that chancellor Angela Merkel ' s open door policy is a failure .                                               
My aim at the start of the season was to play for this club for the whole of the campaign and it hasn ' t changed : that ' s absolutely all I want to think about right now .                 
" Where it does make a difference we will do that ," he told BBC Radio 4 " s Today programme .                                                     
The ISIS crisis aside , Obama views the past seven years as largely positive -- and want to say so during Tuesday night ' s address .                                           
" It is also no secret that we have , as is the case in a democratic society , we have differences of opinion ," he said .                                         
The extent of the problem was only revealed to regulators in February 2014 - nearly 10 years after the first deaths due to the fault .                                             
But actually finding out so early meant I had a lot of time to prepare and get my head around it , which really helped .                                             
He had already been turned away from the club once , but returned after also being refused entry to the nearby Union Club .                                                 
The former first daughter " mentioned how this is her first election as a mother and how important women ' s rights are to her and the campaign ," the source added .                               
" My view has been , don ' t make a decision until you absolutely have to ," Christie said .                                                       
" It gives you a good feeling knowing that people appreciate what you do with the everyday work that you do ," she said .                                               
On Monday , the same court that took the measure off the ballot decided 6 to 1 that it could go back on .                                                 
She also sold tickets that would have allowed viewers to watch her give birth to her third child for a total of £ 30 , 000 .                                           
I think we could see the number of people working in the industry fall from 400 , 000 as low as 200 , 000 but eventually go back up to say 300 , 000 .                           
Cabinet members will be traveling around the country in the coming days to help promote President Barack Obama ' s State of the Union proposals .                                             
She was elected to the Senate from New York in 2000 , ran for president in 2008 and was secretary of state for four years .                                             
Unfortunately , as I said , where I grew up there was no other way , and there still isn ' t a way , to survive ; no way to work in our economy to be able to make a living .           
If one fan ' s views on the latest strip are anything to go by , however , that could be about to change .                                               
I held that record for 33 years , so it was about time it got broken really , isn ' t it ?                                                   
There ' s nothing else in our lives that we purchase where we don ' t try to make it a little safer if we can .                                           
Christmas was never a season that we took seriously in our house : no trees , no lights , and for the most part no presents .                                           
" Warren did a fantastic job in the last tour and there ' s no reason why he shouldn ' t take them again ," said Jones .                                         
The media noise will soon be over and it ' s now for the men and women of Iowa to decide .                                                     
If you rent out your flat on a short - term basis and something goes wrong , you ' re covered by your home insurance right ?                                           
They openly admit Europe has lost control of the migrant crisis , and they fear for the future of the European project itself .                                                 
It ' s learning that if you have done your best , if you have done whatever you can to achieve the best result , that ' s what ' s important .                               
It ' s one of those things - I ' ll see how it goes during the year and whatever happens , happens .                                                 
I know how hard he ' s worked to get back into this England team and what it means for him to play for England .                                             
We were talking about the problem when my friend said what about if people could sign up to some kind of initiative , or pledge , every time someone puts something negative on the page .                         
Many experts suggest that parents get their child ' s lead level tested at ages 1 and 2 , and possibly more often , depending on the area of the country .                                 
The room was split between people who are willing to try , even if there ' s no guarantee , and those who need a guarantee -- proof -- before they will try .                             
I used to think my dad would go first because he was in worse health than my mum , but now I know that he was holding on for mum .                                   
Some investigators believe it continued to function off the books , as a shadow unit , long after that date .                                                       
And our young guys , it ' s not a good feeling for a young player when he hasn ' t played a playoff game .                                             
In its latest move , China announced last week that it would build its second aircraft carrier , this one with domestic technology .                                                 
Bush claimed that Trump ' s decision calls into question the Republican front - runner ' s ability to serve as commander in chief .                                               
A survey released this month shows that nearly 90 per cent of government agencies published information on their websites , as required .                                                   
My dad dying when I was quite young , which hit me hard recently when my mum got very sick .                                                       
And it gets worse : " It ' s never been more challenging to stand out from the crowd ," we are told .                                                   
She is seen with her husband Tom Brady in this May , 2013 file photo at an event in New York .                                                     
We don ' t think it ' s more important than the next game and we will prepare for it like it ' s any other game .                                         
They could have led the charge to create a strategy to deal with ISIS and Assad , and they didn ' t , because it was not popular at the time .                                 
A 35 - year - old man arrested on January 21 on suspicion of murder has been released on police bail until a date in late February .                                         
The panel has had particular regard to the fact that teachers are role models , and can have significant influence over children and young people .                                             
You talk about young people and I heard you talking about this because some people , when they ' re young , I don ' t need health care .                                     
This case must serve as a warning to any driver who uses their mobile phone of the risk they take , the consequences they face and the hurt they can cause .                                 
How could she possibly think that was the proper way to handle someone who was in need of police assistance ?                                                       
That ' s a lot of detail for people who are hands on and working flat out to get across .                                                       
It " tells you what a great country Iran is that no one wanted to return to it ," he said .                                                     
At one moment it didn ' t look good , but in that last couple of days the deal looks pretty much alive .                                                 
He gave himself up and they found that he had a knife on him , but he didn ' t use it in a threatening way .                                           
It just seems that this year , there ' s that dark cloud and when he makes a mistake , no matter how well he ' s played during the course of the game , it seems to cost us .               
But before you spring into action , give a few thoughts as to why your previous relationships may not have worked out as you ' d hoped .                                         
More than 5 , 800 people have been killed since then , according to the UN , while 80 % of the population is now in need of some form of humanitarian aid .                             
He called me up , I went to his room and suddenly he says I know which part you are going to have , a very mean guy .                                       
I appreciate this is possibly just one more thing that they ' ll hate me for me when they ' re older .                                                   
" It ' s just so unique compared to other beaches in Sydney ," the 12 - year - old said .                                                     
Nearly 30 school children had to be rescued from a bus after it became stuck in flood water near York .                                                       
The majority of those children are now under the age of 15 , which is a very different pattern to previously .                                                     
The activist group said she had not been the only female journalist murdered in Syria by Isis , but the identity or number of others killed is not known .                                     
Police tell CBS News they do not have a woman in custody in connection with the man who was detained .                                                       
He added people had rushed to help Mr Smith and that he now wanted to leave the area after the fire .                                                     
According to the BBC , the images have been appearing since late last year , but have become more popular in recent weeks thanks to the dedicated page - which now has more than 1 . 5 million likes .                 
" With me , they ' re dealing with somebody that ' s a little bit different ," he said .                                                       
' We ' re always open to new ideas and looking for ways to develop the business , and this is one of them .                                               
Only his two adult victims were allowed out to work - one in a trade union and one as a nurse .                                                     
One version of the proposal is to cut the level at which countries can halt new laws to nations representing 20 per cent of European populations - potentially meaning Britain and Poland alone could halt new rules .                     
In his view it was " out of all proportion , simply to maintain levels of domestic stability ," as an example of the attitude of those in power .                                     
Dr Gordon says rather than looking at what ' s lost , people need to see the disaster as a turning point in their lives and accept that their plans for the future will have to change .                     
I hope in the future , when I ' m really gone , that spirit - the dialogue with society - is still in this house .                                           
It wasn ' t actually what you saw ," she says , adding that it would have passed without comment had she been a man .                                             
We thought for this year we ' ll take one year off and focus on getting the group together next year and get them competitive .                                             
" While the federal government continues to delay marriage equality , couples are not waiting ; couples are going overseas and getting married and coming to Australia ," he said .                                   
The cool change will see a top of 21 on Friday , 23 on Saturday and 28 on Sunday , with temperatures likely to stay in the high 20s for most of the following week .                         
' Even when I told her he wasn ' t in , she would still turn up at the house .                                                       
It plans to pull out of Australia , Taiwan , South Korea , Indonesia , Malaysia , Thailand and the Philippines , but will offer banking coverage for those countries from other locations .                             
I know it ' s an extreme thing to do - it ' s not for everybody and we ' re very lucky to have been able to protect ourselves .                                   
I went to Madrid in winter , a city chosen because neither he nor I had ever been there and I couldn ' t speak the language .                                         
Most states have a winner - takes - all system : the candidate with the most votes on Election Day gets all electoral votes in that state , a simple majority being sufficient .                             
That school , however , has only a basic after - school arts program , so now she is left searching for other options .                                               
" The saying goes that the best form of defence is attack but for me it is a last resort ," he writes .                                                 
The government announced changes to the state pension in 1995 , designed to bring the qualifying age for women in line with that for men by 2020 .                                         
We may live on a small island - but which corner of it our children call home makes a huge difference to their life chances too .                                           
He revealed the arrested men did not speak English or Swedish and were carrying the identity cards that said that they were asylum seekers .                                               
I ' ve dropped my serve only once in two rounds and I actually haven ' t served that well , so that ' s positive .                                           
However it plays out , gun control is now certain to be central to the presidential race for the first time in a generation , which in itself can be seen as a victory for gun control advocates .                   
He rose quickly through the ranks after becoming an MP , serving as chief secretary to the Treasury , culture secretary and health secretary .                                               
The victory puts Murray through to his fifth Melbourne final and a fourth against Djokovic , to whom he has previously lost in 2011 , 2013 and last year .                                     
His official playing time was 15 minutes 57 seconds , during which he scored two points and missed all four of his shots from the field .                                           
She explained that her customers are largely based in the United States , mostly from California , Utah , New York and Texas .                                                 
He did it again when told Bryant ' s score by quarter - 14 , 12 , 27 and 28 .                                                       
" For me , it really comes down to this : We can ' t wait ," Clinton said during the town hall .                                                 
She says : ' The council moved us into an emergency B & B and it all became too much for the children , three of us sharing a room with no privacy .                               
To give someone a prize and basically money to be my friend is possibly the worst message you could ever put out .                                                   
This is particularly the case in national parks or other locations where there is strong demand for second and holiday homes .                                                     
I think it ' ll be a win - win scenario for both teams when it comes to going through this phase .                                                   
I was home the whole time , at not one stage in five hours did a fire truck come down our street and they could saved another three houses I believe .                                 
While those who are pregnant may believe their memory is worse than usual , a study has found that they perform just as well as other women in mental tests .                                   
If that link to your country is cut at a very early age , you look for other countries where you might be able to be happy or welcome .                                     
But this did not happen on this occasion , a person has died and now we must think about her family , friends and her work colleagues , and this is really a tragedy .                           
And the bottom line is that the machines are , or will soon be , able to defeat the best humans at most games .                                               
There are very few players that will have made five Australian Open finals , so I have to be proud of that .                                                   
The arrests feed a national debate over whether the United States is doing enough to screen refugees from Syria for terrorists from that nation .                                               
Mr George denied involvement - and analysis of his case by Cardiff law students led to a successful appeal in December 2014 .                                                   
I was probably crazy buying it at my age and I fully accept responsibility for things that have come up since then .                                                   
So imagine my world of surprise when I returned to this conference after seven years away to find that just 17 . 8 % of delegates this year are women .                                   
" What is driving this is that the central banks are not coming to the rescue ," he said , speaking at a Fox Business event .                                           
After waiting for almost two hours she was still " four or five cars away " from the station when the promotion ended .                                                 
And we see a lot of people , even of the younger generation who were born after the Soviet Union collapsed , but they are absolutely Soviet and have a totally Soviet world view .                           
In her , Bowie had found a loyal champion who would be by his side until she was no longer useful to him .                                                 
Though Davis repeated in female actor in a drama series this year , the category has actually seen eight different women recognized in the last 10 years .                                         
His public calls for Labour to change its position on the deficit were widely seen as having lost him the job .                                                     
Every unexpected death should be investigated so that lessons can be learned to prevent future loss of life , he urged .                                                     
For example , people without food are not more likely to reach the point where they consider suicide more quickly .                                                       
" This is the lie that Ted ' s campaign is built on ," Rubio said of his fellow senator .                                                       
Another goal is to identify ways for law enforcement to better identify terrorists online and stop them from carrying out attacks .                                                     
You know , back in September , my friend Donald said that he had had his lawyers look at this from every which way , and there was no issue there .                                 
I will take her on , and when I take her on I guarantee you one thing , she will never get within 10 miles of the White House .                                     
I would do an awards show and look at my social media and so many comments were about my weight rather than the actual show itself .                                           
My 14 - week - old son was sat at the side of her so I was worried she could have tried to give it to him .                                         
His brother said : ' I thank the British people who have helped and I want to thank the Government and the British press who have shed a lot of light on this issue .                             
The 28 - year - old had beaten Williams before , just the once , but it was enough to give her the confidence she could do it again .                                     
Each new member ' s voting status will last 10 years and will be renewed if that member has been active in motion pictures during that decade .                                         
His was one of several bodies that remained in the hospital for more than a week as ongoing fighting between Taliban and Afghan government forces prevented access to the center .                                   
He said : ' There will be a percentage of non - local residents who will not know local roads and will be taken way out of their way .                                       
" We built this team to play good football , then the results started coming and we started to believe ," he said earlier this week .                                           
We ' re going to use him in those situations , that ' s what his job is , to kill penalties and be in those situations like that .                                     
Amy said : ' I ' d struggled with my weight from the age of 10 , when I began comfort eating after losing my two brothers in a house fire .                                   
You can ' t open a newspaper at this time of year without reading a story about moderate alcohol consumption being good or bad for you , or making no difference at all .                             
However the Prime Minister deliberately down - played expectations that an agreement could be reached at next month ' s European Council meeting in Brussels , in time to hold a referendum in June or July .                       
The survey found that 62 % of Democrats were very concerned , but just 20 % of Republicans felt the same way .                                                   
" She ' s still over there with her mum , and she ' s taking a couple of steps in the morning and a couple in the afternoon ," she said .                               
She said : ' When you are told your child has cancer , you are just left in a state of shock .                                                     
Before the results were released , Amazon shares had risen almost 9 % on Thursday and have more than doubled in the past 12 months .                                             
He added : " We are committed to doing all we can to support the oil and gas sector and the wider north east economy .                                               
In a new year message , the PM says he is determined to " secure our future " with the EU referendum , which could be held this year .                                     
The decision to no longer pursue this argument will add to the questions Mrs Clinton has faced for months over her handling of sensitive government information as she seeks to maintain her position as the favourite to become the Democratic nominee .             
" It ' s a very well - known award , and I think people look at it ," he said .                                                     
" A short exchange has occurred and the victim was struck once to the back of the head ( and ) has fallen forward ," he said .                                         
Sometimes it is hard to find time to see my girlfriend , as although I get home at the end of every day she works different hours to me and we end up missing each other .                       
Many people are nervous about flying and this is the first chance to make them less of a worry point on the plane .                                                 
It ' s tough to sit here 30 minutes after the match and talk about the match , but that ' s part of my job .                                           
The men will have to let them learn English or face having to cook and look after the children themselves .                                                       
In addition to discussing gun issues with Cooper , Obama will also take questions from the audience on the issue .                                                       
The dog took a round to the bridge of his nose , the Police K - 9 Association wrote in a post on its Facebook page .                                           
The first GOP debate , also hosted by Fox News , attracted 24 million , the largest audience ever for a cable program that wasn ' t a sports event , and the next one drew almost as many -- 23 million -- on CNN .     
Even though you ' ve done it is absolutely no guarantee that you can do it again , but you know what it takes , you know what you ' ve got to do .                           
In a speech in December 2012 , Theresa May claimed that more than a third of all new housing demand in Britain was caused by immigration .                                           
The Government was holding emergency talks Sunday as flooding in northern England forced hundreds of people to leave their homes , including in the historic tourist destination of York .                                     
Even the way Obama argued for the new trade agreement showed how out of touch with the emerging global economy his administration is .                                                 
It taught them to just say sorry and life will move on as normal ," the party said in a statement .                                                     
It was very clear when I met her that she was shooting for a big career and I was more than OK to be part of that .                                         
So if I have the luxury of that being an option , then it wouldn ' t be kind of me not to feel sorry for her .                                         
The minute I started to treat music with a totally different level of respect and integrity , everything changed and suddenly things started to fall into place .                                         
I missed a lot of opportunities out there this week so it ' s a story of what could have been .                                                     
" You ' ve got a road map and you ' ve always got the confidence you know where you ' re going ," Moore said .                                           
' This movie allows them to be seen in the world in a world that has been blind to them ,' he said .                                                 
In interviews with CNN , several voters said were it not for Trump , they would have most likely backed Cruz in the primary .                                               
" If this feels like a full - on assault on women ' s health , that ' s because it is ," Clinton said in a video supporting the organization .                                 
The criminal complaints suggest the two did talk with one another , discussing traveling to Syria to train and fight .                                                       
We no longer have physical limits on how we access our work and I think that ' s something that we ' ve avoided thinking about carefully .                                         
I ' m happy with the fact that there will be further discussions , but it ' s a qualified response .                                                     
The group said it had found evidence that guns had been bought on the site and used to kill others in two cases .                                                 
For days , a group of mothers have gathered in the city centre , appealing for their children ' s bodies to be returned .                                               
Leicester will feel that over the last 10 - 15 games they ' ve been on top more often than not .                                                     
If Europe is not capable of protecting its own borders , it ' s the very idea of Europe that will be questioned .                                                 
What we ' ve found is that when people are well paid , sometimes they are more confident and comfortable in taking on higher levels of personal debt , from extra credit cards through to personal loans and in - store interest - free loans .     
It ' s a strange feeling to have to learn to love a parent again ; somebody you thought was beyond help ; someone you felt let you down so badly that you couldn ' t call them for help in times of real need .     
Instead I ask one of those who has come here for help about the fact that this appears to be a very wealthy area .                                               
Police arrived at beach near the Old Power Station after receiving a call from a man who had lost sight of his friend .                                                 
The prime minister said the in - out vote " would follow " if agreement was reached on his reforms at next month ' s summit .                                           
It will support families who find it difficult to access child care services because they work non - standard hours , or live in remote areas or away from existing child care .                               
The Government is investing £ 15 billion to improve England ' s road network and address long - standing problems .                                                       
If she has won , she wants to set her family up for life and she plans to give some money to charity .                                                 
If those involved are serious about ensuring regional stability , that solution will most likely require the involvement of the U . S . and Europe .                                           
You know I think when I am thinking about these guys returning home today , they ' re never going to be the person they were before they were captured .                                   
It ' s the reason I have tried as best I can to support our NHS and all those who work for public healthcare in this country in the last years of my life .                           
We ' re going to find out once we get out the balls and let these guys start playing again .                                                       
I had dropped him off at the station and he had even played a little trick on me in the car , which was absolutely normal .                                           
The total amount spent in the retail industry was down 1 . 4 % in December compared with the previous month , but up 1 % compared with December 2014 .                                   
I had something else on and I couldn ' t make it work to do both , but I still wish I ' d done that .                                           
U . S . intelligence had expected a test at some point , based on the amount of activity at the test site , but it had no warning that the test was about to occur .                       
It ' s been more than two years and doctors say she will never be able to work in an office again .                                                   
" People have been doing it for so many years , and they ' re not going to stop ," she said .                                                   
For the most extreme threats , or if there is no other option , this training includes critical head shots .                                                       
All forms of running are proven to reduce the risk of chronic diseases , such as heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and stroke , according to the NHS .                                   
" We ' ve already established why he believes he did it , and that ' s probably enough ," Ross said .                                                   
I think we ' ve found in life you often learn the hard way , and this has certainly been an example of this .                                               
It took eight or nine sessions until I finally worked it out - then the game told me I was a champion .                                                   
There ' s been a narrative that a person like me couldn ' t possibly be commander in chief in this challenging time .                                                 
The woman , who set up the camera in the hope of catching the dogs in the act , returns to the room to find them playing on the floor .                                   
In the theatre sports scenes we run , players always identify this is where extreme , high - risk situations come up and they need to be aware that , if you choose this path , you need to be ready for anything .         
The majority ( of residents ) are heading warnings but sometimes they will leave it too late to leave and get caught on the road .                                             
More than 200 , 000 people have died in the Syrian conflict , which has also driven more than 4 million refugees out of the country .                                           
Corbyn told Today : " I want members to have a big say in it , whether that comes as a vote of individual members or a vote at conference that will be decided .                             
Even though these events took place 15 years ago , just before 9 / 11 , we forget how much the world has changed .                                               
The new way starts with the cutting technique above , but this time are instead made up of an odd number of straight sides .                                               
In a statement , a spokesman for Virgin Australia said all passengers are made aware of the rule change which was implemented earlier this month .                                             
I usually planned about three or four weeks ahead and would always have something I could do fairly quickly ; that way if plans fell through I could do that instead .                                 
I got up a few times and when I saw it was clear , I ran out on the street and tried to get hold of an ambulance .                                       
I remember 16 years ago when I was not involved in the FA Cup , because I was in Brazil with Manchester United playing in the Club World Cup .                                     
Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust has held an emergency board meeting after an inquiry found it had failed to investigate hundreds of deaths .                                                 
Labour hasn ' t yet won the public ' s trust back on the issues of welfare and immigration , the author of a key report into why the party lost the election has said .                         
It is not possible to enjoy all of it because we are not winning games in the Premier League but we need to give the fans one win in the cup because the fans in England are different from those in other places .         
It has spread to more than 20 countries , and has caused panic in Brazil where thousands of people have been infected .                                                   
' Jamie ' s not a bad looking guy so I ' ll let others be the judge on that one !                                                     
She fell pregnant and made it clear that if we didn ' t get married and move in together I wouldn ' t see my child .                                           
After all , you ' d have to be a pretty terrible father if not one of your seven daughters was willing to take care of you at the end .                                   
" We are entitled to ask why a black child is 100 times more likely than a white child to grow up in poverty ," he said .                                         
NHS England estimates nearly 4 , 000 operations and procedures out of 31 , 000 will be cancelled because of the strike .                                                   
The controversial trade deal between Europe and the US has come under further fire after campaigners accused the government of blocking access to legal advice that shows its impact on the health service .                             
I tried my best and I was a bit upset as it would have been a unique opportunity to see that picture in this kind of show .                                         
I thought I maybe could have done better in my service games when I was up a break both sets , second and third , but credit to him for fighting and showing why he ' s one of the best in the world .       
The committee also wanted to help people reduce the risks from drinking large amounts on one occasion , and they ' ve addressed this in a number of ways .                                     
The demand for drugs from our own citizens means Europe is the biggest drugs market in the world after North America .                                                     
Last year Facebook announced that it is letting users select a " legacy contact " who can manage their account on the social media site when they pass away .                                     
He said he was only allowed to sleep in an interview room and was given almost nothing to eat or drink .                                                     
We ' ll just do whatever we can to get in front of as many people as we can and hopefully make a difference out there .                                           
The company has already sold around 1 , 000 units and claims that water use was reduced by an average of 25 % when it was used .                                         
We are a big country but we can ' t solve the problem on our own - no one country can .                                                     
Among those who remain , at least six men are back in Cuban prison on what their allies say are politically related charges .                                                 
Last season ' s 21 victories were their lowest ever , and they somehow seem like a lot these days .                                                       
People have realised you can get a pretty high return in Canberra compared to some of the major capital cities .                                                       
That can be a hard thing to be part of [ but ] I work within my institution and am loyal .                                                     
It ' s still a little bit early to know absolutely with scientific proof if it ' s cause and effect .                                                     
And lawmakers in Colorado and Washington have also proposed versions of Oregon ' s new law , according to local news reports .                                                   
The well is located in an isolated , mountain area more than a mile away from and more than 1 , 200 feet higher than the closest home or public area .                                 
" I always take my time losing the baby weight because there ' s so many more important things to be going through ," she said .                                           
If agreement with other EU leaders is reached next month , a vote could potentially be held as early as June .                                                     
My poor wife had been in labour for nearly 24 hours but it did mean I got to see our son being born .                                                 
It ' s hard to be able to afford your house , even though things are cheaper here , much cheaper than in Australia .                                               
If you were born outside of that , then it raised a lot of problems for society and a lot of concern of what to do with you .                                       
However , the IS group ' s claim suggested it killed more than two officers , but did not give an exact number .                                                 
Trump ' s top rival in Iowa is Ted Cruz , who is running a traditional campaign and banking on traditional Iowa support from social conservatives .                                           
People think of exercise as the first thing to go , and when you get busy , you can just knock that off and buy yourself another hour and a half of time .                             
He ' s has revealed plenty in past interviews , but I think his life now is about his art .                                                       
And it can take some time for those with memory loss to build up a relationship with officers or those looking after them .                                                 
I believe the market will improve from here and as long - term investors , we can be patient and look for those returns that will come over time .                                     
The party also said people who came to the UK would not be allowed to claim social security for at least two years and that people in public facing roles would be required to speak English .                       
A pregnant teenager who disappeared from home three days ago after she left to go to college has been found after she called home , police said today .                                       
" In the future there might be a situation where we are able to get rid of developers all together ," he says .                                                 
He said a fourth person may possibly have been killed and that police believe four adults were in the plane .                                                       
It was such a shock this morning and I made the decision to come so quickly that I just put on anything Bowie I could find .                                           
But , boy , it would be hard to believe I could be compared to him the entire course of a career .                                                   
And I was thinking about the way we touch the screen ; we forget [ when using the Internet ] there ' s this physical presence as well .                                       
For example , a recent Australian study measured the blood sugar levels of 70 healthy volunteers who had to sit still for nine hours .                                               
He would never ever want to hurt somebody , but he does believe in defending freedom and he knew the risks involved .                                                   
And the figures we look at are usually " in real terms " - they ' ve had the effect of inflation removed from them .                                               
Authorities have not yet stepped in to remove the group of roughly two dozen people , some from as far away as Arizona and Michigan .                                             
Last September , Austria and Germany opened their borders to refugees and migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East , Afghanistan and other conflict - torn regions .                                     
I ' ve put a lot of hard work in over the off - season and it has paid off .                                                       
Olympic athletes travelling to Rio have been advised to take a mosquito net in a letter from the team medical director in the wake of the Zika outbreak .                                       
And beyond all the finger - pointing , it will be a shame if Iowa voters don ' t get to see the Republican front - runner in a long - planned debate against Ted Cruz and other rivals as they make up their minds .     
He said he ' s scheduled to meet with his client for the first time Tuesday and will pose the question to him then .                                               
The number of delays fell over the three years in south and north Wales , but rose in mid and west Wales .                                                   
In January 2008 , just 29 percent of Americans approved of the way President Bush was handling his job as president , and 75 percent said the nation was on the wrong track .                             
It certainly raises issues about how much duty of care you have in posting something - whether it goes viral or not .                                                   
It is easy for a manager to say : " I cannot score the goals or defend the goals " - that is only part of the truth .                                           
But the rest of us don ' t get to sit down with a series of ministers and discuss what we ' d like to pay .                                           
They are 7 - 9 in the second game of the Los Angeles trip since 2000 , and 3 - 3 since Miller took over in 2009 .                                         
People get something new for Christmas and they don ' t know what to do with the old so they bring it here .                                                 
And who can tell me that I can only defend and protect myself in a way they feel comfortable with ?                                                       
The State Department said it wouldn ' t meet a court - ordered goal of making 82 percent of Clinton ' s emails from her time at State public by year ' s end .                           
You have to do what you can to achieve justice for the victims , as a statement about our response to these crimes .                                                 
" Sometimes , it can sound like he hasn ' t really thought it through ," the former secretary of state said , speaking to more than 600 people at a campaign event at Simpson College .                       
I thought somebody is going to make a movie out of this ... this has a more Hollywood ending than any Hollywood movie .                                                 
I think that I hadn ' t thought long and hard about it but I knew it wasn ' t really making me happy ," he said last month .                                     
If he ever finds the time , he ' d see that he ' s already one of the greatest coaches in college football history .                                             
Obama , in his final 11 months of office , says he ' s using his White House powers to change gun laws because Congress has failed to act .                                     
He went on : " You can ' t have a nominee who ' s going to be subject to being thrown out as the nominee .                                             
A solid quarter at Bank of America helped boost annual profit to $ 15 . 9 billion , its most since 2006 .                                                   
Her party ' s victory ended the rule of the China - friendly party that had led the island for eight years .                                                   
It was a day I will never forget , and I sure didn ' t think my photo of it was going to end up being seen by thousands of people around the world .                           
The charity ' s heavy investment in fundraising has paid off : bringing in more than $ 300 million in donations in 2014 .                                                 
But , he added , " It ' s very hard to compete with the greatest show on earth and the greatest ground game in Iowa history .                                           
It is bad enough being told to stop eating red meat , limit ourselves to 14 units of alcohol a week and cut out sugar .                                             
There were not enough officers deployed either in or around the station to deal with this group , which was prepared to use violence .                                               
You need a positive confidence shock but it ' s hard to see where that comes from any time soon .                                                       
Just before he took over , oil prices began a lengthy collapse ; the country ' s export earnings fell by more than half .                                               
She adds : ' You are the person who put the baby in the back of your car and I ' ve got you on camera .                                             
Yet in his referendum negotiations - currently taking place - the Prime Minister is seeking only a limit to the benefits EU workers can claim .                                             
But 2015 was also a year when people again took to the streets to protest corruption - people across the globe sent a strong signal to those in power : it is time to tackle grand corruption .                     
I think it was an attempt to take over the district attorney ' s office so they could control decisions .                                                       
It ' s not just getting to the top 10 - I ' m going to get there - it ' s about staying there for a while .                                       
My mother - in - law lives next door , so my first thought was that she ' d hurt herself .                                                     
This has been our home for 55 years , and I want to keep the team here and provide the world - class stadium experience you deserve .                                         
The main idea behind my business has been about having fun and if there ' s an opportunity to cook at a fun location then I tend to just go for it .                               
Sen . Bernie Sanders , I - Vermont , one of the other Democratic candidates gets a rare mention during the GOP debate .                                                 
It is something we should all stand up for , whether we use what ' s on offer or not .                                                       
We learned this week that more working days are being lost due to staff stress , but these new figures should concern us all .                                               
The only thing that can beat Donald Trump now is the one thing he doesn ' t control : Americans who don ' t want his services as president of the United States .                             
But I know what the right way to play is , and as this tournament went on I started to do it more and more .                                             
And it ' s entirely aimed at your in - laws , who you seem to think hold your future in their hands .                                                 
' I don ' t drink , smoke and have never taken drugs so I never thought I would be in this situation .                                                 
The rest of the league ' s owners will meet to review their findings the following week , and could decide whether one or two teams will move to Los Angeles for the 2016 season .                         
When I was playing , if I got a little bit out of control another player would tell you - it could be one of your friends - they would tell you .                               
He had faced 10 years in prison on the charges but the government agreed to seek no more than five years .                                                     
The middle - aged man has lived at home for his whole life and in the past few years has started to shut down contact between his mother and the rest of the family .                           
This , then , was one of those rare occasions when newspapers were able to take a second go at that " rough first draft of history " which is their daily business .                             
He said the prime minister was doing " as good a job as he ' s able to do at the moment " and that he thought Cameron was trying to achieve reforms that would benefit the whole of Europe .               
" We have travelled overseas but we have ­ decided to spend more time on holidays in Australia ," the 40 - year - old said .                                           
In the UK , parents , local authorities , charities , the media and politicians have all bought into the schools - can - fix - it narrative .                                       
As long as our attitude is right and people focus on what they can do to help the side then we should be OK .                                               
Last March , when he was communications minister , Malcolm Turnbull killed hopes of a near - term licence fee cut for commercial free - to - air television as the government prepared to face a tough 2015 budget .                 
On Wall Street , all 10 major S & P sectors were lower , led by the 2 . 4 % fall in the technology sector .                                           
I am picking up two cars tomorrow and taking them down south tomorrow if all goes according to plan ," he said .                                                   
While people with the condition can forget negative and positive incidents , the feeling they produce can remain for some time .                                                     
Because otherwise what you ' re going to see happen is a growing call for policies that actually damage the capacity of business to grow and create jobs and do all the things we want them to do .                   
Children were forced to engage in " sexual activities " with each other and animals at a hotel , a family court judge has concluded .                                             
Donald , on his own , has travelled all over the United States and to a few dozen countries abroad .                                                       
We built the shooting range at home on the farm and I ' ve just been training and working towards the Olympic Games , that ' s my ultimate goal at the moment and hopefully bring home the gold medal .               
Meanwhile , a young man , who works as a professional construction worker , is hanging pictures on a wall for someone who is disabled .                                             
If they start treatment before they go to jail , they ' re allowed to continue it , but if they haven ' t started treatment before they go to jail they ' re not allowed to start it .                 
Although there may be support for the substance of President Obama ' s gun policy , the country is more divided on whether executive action was the right approach .                                     
Another major factor in the new guidance is the evidence that has been found in terms of alcohol increasing the risk of cancer .                                                 
It was revealed in September that the 24 - year - old royal - who has been compared to the Duchess of Cambridge - had chosen to complete her studies in the English city .                           
The BBC asked several of Las Vegas ' hotels if they might be interested in such a product , but all declined to comment .                                               
The cricket here ' s been a great challenge , and it ' s cool to have everyone talking about the competition .                                                   
He said : ' It ' s too early to say whether or not there ' s anything missing from the house but I ' m quite happy that there ' s no signs of forced entry to the house .                 
No criminal proceedings are to be taken after a baby boy who was delivered following a crash involving his pregnant mother died .                                                   
The ultimate goal for us is to go deeper than we did last year , so sometimes you have to make those decisions .                                                 
But the French boss , speaking at a press conference on Friday morning , admitted that it could take a couple more days before the Egyptian is unveiled .                                       
I think coming back we have an opportunity here : It is a chance to make good on a promise .                                                       
There aren ' t enough food outlets open and nobody looks prepared for the huge crowd that has turned up .                                                       
In a statement to CBS , Trump claimed that more than 20 , 000 people showed up for 1 , 400 spots .                                                   
That information remains subject to assessment and for that reason we will not be discussing the matter in further detail at this time .                                                 
He said : " We believe the programme as a whole is successful in stopping people from becoming terrorists or supporting terrorism .                                                     
BBC director general Tony Hall said : " We are the first broadcaster in the world to work out what it ' s going to be like in this on - demand world .                               
Murray has been in the top four for going on 10 years , and was a clear No 2 last year , but never has been No 1 .                                       
" I interview people all the time who can ' t wait to move from Michigan or Wisconsin or Iowa ," he said .                                                 
He led the Warriors to a franchise - best 67 wins and their first championship in 40 years last season as a first - year coach .                                           
The court heard Brown then met the second teenager , who was a friend of the first victim , when both girls came to her flat together .                                         
I ' m just trying to explain that for me , not having a phone is , in the end , about my personal freedom .                                             
The funny thing is that , like most people , he ' s willing to talk about it and feels better once he ' s told me .                                         
And it shows up in the global statistics , and I think sometimes we miss that fact , that things are changing in the world ," she said .                                       
A date at the movies will be an expensive night out in Australia , where it could cost more than £ 13 .                                                   
Eddie comes with a brilliant track record - from taking Australia to the final in 2003 to what he did most recently with Japan .                                               
The family of the 27 - year - old Hill says he was a U . S . Air Force veteran who struggled with mental health problems .                                         
He was released on bail due to his age and poor health , and his trial is expected to start in the coming months .                                               
The cabinet member for specialist children ' s services said Kent County Council had seen a 30 % rise in looked - after children in the past seven months .                                     
" If I ' m not working , and especially because I work at home , I don ' t really see the point in getting dressed ," she said .                                   
They ' re just , so much time has passed , they ' ve been getting away with it for , you know , for what , 25 years , and they don ' t know how to do it different .             
A draft report on the new financial model will be submitted to different working groups , which will draw up specific policies for board approval .                                             
When a theatre production went wrong , or I failed to meet a deadline , my books have always been there .                                                     
The dramatic move follows a fresh round of tests on items recovered on the night 18 - year - old Stephen died .                                                   
It also made me feel that all the hard work I ' ve put in through the years was worth it .                                                     
The news was welcomed by gun safety campaigners , although more than a dozen separate calls for other executive actions do not appear to have made the White House draft proposal and other measures that would require congressional funding to be implemented .           
And in the process of that , I feel a responsibility to reveal things about myself and make myself vulnerable in the process of writing .                                             
" So I think I have a good understanding of when wine has potential and when it doesn ' t ," she said .                                                 
The thinking is that people who book flights that close really need to go and they - or more often their company - are going to pay the premium .                                     
And the time they are most likely to have sex is between 3 . 30pm , after school , and before parents get in from work .                                           
We are going to have a life without children , and we are choosing to appreciate it for what it is , even though there are times when it is hard .                                 
However , experts say the two child policy alone can ' t solve all social problems ; other public policies are needed to encourage Chinese - especially young urban couples - to have a second child .                       
Now 30 , the rugby union player ' s hearing loss was diagnosed at the age of five -- though he suspects he was born with it .                                         
" To see your eyes for the first time is nice ," he said , in response to a question about his innings .                                                 
" If you ' ve watched some of his recent games there ' s nobody in the NBA that can pass like he can ," he continued .                                         
I mean , you win so many times , but you go back to pay tribute to everything that you ' ve done .                                                 
We ' ve been paying three times the rent of the golf courses but that isn ' t enough when developers want to build apartments .                                             
It is recognition that like primary school and high school teachers early childhood teachers are also professionals , who are university trained , with high standards to meet .                                       
" We try not to say the ' s ' word too much ," said Ms Walker , who is also the team captain .                                               
Let ' s hope what we ' re seeing is the first of many steps needed to get Washington back on track .                                                   
While the finding may seem odd , the effect is big enough to take someone over the drink - drive limit .                                                     
They will help teachers recognise those pupils at risk of falling behind and allow us to target those areas where children aren ' t being given a fair shot to succeed .                                 
As with any popular service , the world of prepare - at - home meals has now become a highly competitive market , and more companies are launching all the time .                                 
Even if she wanted to , she would ' ve had to lock herself in a tiny room and never get out again if she wanted to get away .                                     
I know people are worried about what the result could be , but if it is cancer not speaking to a doctor is not going to change anything - it is going to make it worse .                       
I don ' t know what for because there comes a time you can ' t grab on to it so you might as well try to do some good with it .                               
When we know the assets that companies hold in every country , the revenues they earn in every country and the profits they make from those revenues , we will be able to see if the tax they pay is fair .             
Go out and face the world secure in the knowledge that everybody else thinks they are better looking than they are as well .                                                 
" But I think if you look at my record in terms of fighting for women rights , I think there are few members that are stronger ," he said .                                   
A write - down , accompanied by measured spending cuts and reforms , would right the island ' s finances .                                                       
And , God - willing , he ' s going to want to play every game and he ' s going to want to play a lot of minutes in every game , because that ' s just the way he is .           
While the candidates running for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination all support gun reform policies , the Republican candidates have rejected the president ' s approach .                                           
But leading women ' s rights campaigners criticised the recommendations , saying women in the region often have little choice about becoming pregnant .                                                 
More than half the home helps ( 57 per cent ) have been asked to provide personal care in 15 minutes or less for an elderly person they have never met before .                               
The couple regularly walked up the street , but at least one resident spoken to had never made it , either by foot or by vehicle .                                           
Bennett said " certain people " felt they needed more public credit for Carson ' s early success -- and it didn ' t work out well .                                         
The problem , says Mr Bush , is that directors are taking little , or no , risk , as they aren ' t investing their own money .                                       
The main point of difference is that Twitter is more effective than Facebook because Twitter is public , Facebook - that might be useful from a small community level .                                     
Our tiny kitchen is currently full of people just wanting a place to stand to keep dry and warm , but it is not enough .                                             
If it is sold , it should go to a private investor , the council or someone who can afford to keep it open as a sports hub for the local community because it is one of the best in the state .           
The Chinese artist / activist has now closed his latest exhibition in Denmark to protest the country ' s new law allowing authorities to take valuable items from refugees seeking asylum .                                 
And I have to say there were a lot of people out there who just simply hadn ' t watched the case that closely .                                               
We have taken the necessary action to reform our police service - with crime rates showing a 41 year low .                                                       
" Where I grew up there was no other way , and there still isn ' t a way to survive , no way to work in our economy to be able to make a living ," he said .                 
Mr Cameron is seeking a deal at February ' s EU summit and the referendum on Britain ' s membership is then expected by the summer .                                           
Russia began carrying out air strikes on the positions of Islamic State ( Isis ) fighters in September in support of Assad ' s army , which critics say are aimed against Assad ' s opponents .                       
In other words , Trump has been , in the short - term , he ' s firing up his base ; Hillary Clinton ' s firing up her base .                                   
Earlier this week , the index entered a bear market , meaning it was down 20 % from a recent peak .                                                     
And the other 20 percent either support it or a part of it themselves ... It used to be more .                                                       
This leaves Scotland quite a long way short of the target set in the Scottish government ' s economic strategy .                                                       
He told the club in December that if there was any moment when they decided they wanted to part company with him then he would not make it difficult for them and would not demand any compensation .                     
I see it as a wake - up call : if I hadn ' t got it I wouldn ' t have lost weight or started eating three meals a day .                                 
There are so many stories to be told , and as an industry we may have been guilty of only telling things from one perspective .                                             
I don ' t think it is even a question if he will be a success in England or not .                                                       
The news comes after a 16 - year - old was stabbed to death at a party in London on Saturday .                                                     
He believed the agenda for smart cities had already been set , and the exercise was about the application of information technology for benefits that were unclear .                                         
A Department of Health spokesperson said a shift rate cap has now been introduced to limit the amount companies can charge per shift .                                                 
Whether it is the huge number of people who have spent their holiday time looking for her or the many kind thoughts and messages of support which have been overwhelming and provided great comfort .                           
A man who identified himself as the victim ' s husband said she was supposed to stay at a friend ' s house that evening , according to Central European News .                                 
This sexual assault , which took place close to where the first incident occurred , is believed to have been carried out by the same two men .                                         
Not only does tracking your mood help you better understand why symptoms occur when they do , but the information can also reveal whether drugs or therapy that you may be using are actually working .                         
He and other GOP lawmakers urged the Senate to pass legislation to block refugees from Iraq and Syria until screening is improved .                                                   
There was a Microsoft meeting in New York and I was the second to last one to come , and I sat down , and she was the last one to come .                               
It doesn ' t make you a bad person , but you know that if you look at that person you feel a sense of personal responsibility to help them .                                   
The U . S . Energy Information Administration forecasts that the average price of U . S . benchmark crude this year will rise about 4 percent over 2015 .                                     
If you ' re reading this now , it ' s not too late - just do your best and we ' ll all love you anyway .                                         
She denied bringing weapons or tools to the inmates that would have helped them cut through their cell bars , officials said .                                                   
The losses have come by an average of 16 . 6 points since a victory over New Orleans on Jan .                                                       
He asked if Ben was in and when I said yes , he explained he needed to talk to him and was coming straight over .                                             
Nearly 300 , 000 people have signed my petition calling for the UK Government to help bring the boys home .                                                       
One teacher thought he should stop me being left handed and asked if I ' d learned to write up a tree .                                                   
We ' re going to stay on top of this with our Mexican counterparts until we get that back in the box .                                                   
This was not the only time when well - meaning people said things to us that just don ' t make sense to me .                                               
There is a sense among the French public that another attack could take place at any moment and the government does not want to be seen to have lifted measures should an attack occur .                           
There was such a sad sight - she ' d left her beach shoes lying on the sand near the restaurant .                                                     
The Oscar - winning actress stayed by the side of a sick woman who was lying on the ground and in need of care in June 2012 .                                         
By supporting people in building £ 1 , 000 in savings we could prevent 500 , 000 households from falling into problem debt .                                                 
The U . S . economy has also taken a hit : Its exports to China fell 4 percent in the first 10 months of last year compared with the same period in 2014 .                           
The third woman described how she was sexually assaulted during drinks after a business meeting on February 20 last year .                                                       
The previous guidelines came out in 1995 and the links between alcohol and cancer and heart disease were not as well understood then as they are now .                                         
If the people you grew up with weren ' t focused on helping you stay true to yourself , then admit it to yourself .                                               
He told me that his mother left school at ten , but by the age of 18 she ran her own road - building firm .                                             
More than one in five ( 22 per cent ) said they were looking for a routine where they could track their progress easily .                                               
With one week of January to go , about 37 , 000 migrants and refugees have already arrived in the EU by land or sea , roughly 10 times the equivalent total for the month last year .                     
You have to be careful with heart and head , he ' s desperate to play but we have to make sure it ' s the right decision for England .                                   
Police in San Francisco have caught two inmates who had been on the run from jail for more than a week .                                                     
She was experienced in teaching people who suffered with learning difficulties , however , it was an expensive solution at £ 50 an hour .                                               
The author learned of her ex - husband ' s death hours after the public when she was told of his passing off - camera .                                             
She said : " I have been in this business since I was nine years old , and have heard the same thing said throughout the different parts of my career .                                   
You ' re out of your comfort zone and , as a personal development thing , it takes us much closer to where we want to be in the run - up to the 2019 World Cup .                     
' In the last year we ' ve had more than £ 1 , 000 of damage caused to the house when two separate vehicles have hit it .                                       
Men in Yorkshire , for example , have are 13 per cent less likely to suffer heart disease than those in Bristol .                                                   
If people can ' t judge the quality of what they are paying for , those who can ' t afford the fee stop seeing their doctor , regardless of whether they need to or not .                       
When I meet them on the European leg of the tour , they are very defensive , about everything , including the name .                                                 
I ' m not sure what made this man think he could stay , but you just can ' t go on base without some set of orders .                                       
' I chose to do it when I had a couple of my close friends there that day ,' he said .                                                     
The device can affect vision from up to 800 metres away , making it a danger to low - flying aircraft .                                                     
One , there ' s very few things that anger Republican voters more than President Obama ' s use of executive actions .                                                   
In the dark : The German government is unable to say where more than half of the one million asylum seekers allowed into the country have ended up .                                       
They said that they would only do it if it was for a medical reason , but I am fit and healthy so that is why they won ' t .                                   
" It was only the one check - in line that had to be evacuated for maximum half an hour , if that ," she said .                                           
On Sunday , he said five people died in the past 48 hours , including a 9 - year - old child .                                                   
And a new Washington Post / ABC poll out Monday found that 49 % support the law compared to 48 % who don ' t .                                             
Bill Clinton made his first solo campaign appearance for his wife , the former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in New Hampshire this week .                                           
I urge you to vote for Donald Trump because he is the one candidate who points out that we should accept immigrants who are good for America .                                         
So far Chris , who is in California , has been contacted by over 200 people and has sent out more than 70 tennis balls .                                             
Before Americans decide who to pick for president in November ' s election , the political parties must first choose a nominee .                                                   
One of the allegations had already been investigated , and involved an adult ' client ' who physically assaulted a staff member .                                                   
We had to fight to keep that deep red color because there were people saying it was just too much trouble to produce it .                                               
The last match of the day on Margaret Court Arena , which is the second show court here , began shortly after 5 . 30pm .                                             
The world ' s a dangerous place and there ' s a lot of families out there who just [ want ] to come here and have some peace .                                     
And then part of me thought , you ' ve only got a year or two left in your career .                                                       
My job involves understanding people , and taking a genuine interest in a way that maybe only their partner or best friend does .                                                 
He said many peers were especially troubled by the potential consequences of the bill for the stock of affordable housing in rural areas .                                                 
" One in six workers will be affected by a mental health problem - MPs , doctors , teachers ; by writing off anyone with a mental health problem you ' re writing off a lot of talented people ," she added .           
It ' s a leave - the - door - open policy ; you ' re not going to find someone if you close all the doors .                                         
She won Canberra ' s most valuable player award in 2009 - 10 and 2010 - 11 and left the club in early 2012 to play in France .                                       
As a result , ' modest wear ', as it ' s been dubbed , is one of the fastest - growing fashion sectors .                                                 
I was using other stuff as well but , because I was flying , I didn ' t want to take the other drugs through the airport .                                         
The Lakers wound up losing by 18 points and even went back down by 24 points in the fourth , but they all saw what could be done if they focused on the right things , playing defense .                   
Saturday ' s protest drew around 2 , 000 people - migrants and supporters - and the mayor ' s office says about 50 people broke through security and climbed aboard the ship .                             
" You are not going to like me saying this ," my dad said , " but you need to get a lock on your bedroom door and a lock on your bathroom door .                             
It ' s the second time , it happened one time last year when he was late at the stadium and today he was late for the meeting .                                       
They were sexually assaulted but managed to escape and make their way to their school , where they explained what happened and called the police .                                             
As soon as she ' d made her complaint , stuff started coming out about her , what had happened to previous jobs .                                                 
We only expected about half a dozen [ top 100 players ] and to have 10 , it ' s down to having an event at the right time and being part of the Australian Open summer .                     
Even when I ' ve been broken , I ' ve fought hard in the next game and made it very difficult for my opponents .                                             
David will be 34 this year and he ' s been around the game for a long , long time and been up at the top .                                           
And then , when she thought she was settled in life , she suffered again with the discovery of her family history .                                                   
The teams played to a 0 - 0 tie after one quarter and it looked as though they might never score .                                                     
At the point we ' re at , struggling to get a win , over - focusing on results is not right for us .                                               
And by and large it is the artists whose lives would ( and often do ) make a good film who are remembered .                                                 
Police in far North Queensland charged three men with drink - driving in the same car in less than two hours on Sunday .                                                 
" I couldn ' t see anything telling people not to park on the side of the road , and there were hundreds of cars there by late morning so it would ' ve looked like a legitimate parking spot to people passing by ," he said . 
" In Shanghai or Beijing , there are some days you nearly cannot see another building through the air ," he said .                                                   
But she insisted it was not a personal protest against Lewis and she hoped he would become more involved in the school in the future .                                             
They demanded a fresh attempt to secure justice for the 13 - month - old after a senior judge ruled she suffered a grave sexual assault by her father .                                     
" It can help the message to spread far more quickly than other types of advertising ," he told the Guardian .                                                     
It would be around 200 to 300 times as far away from the sun is when it gets closest to the star , scientists say .                                             
It ' s even harder for me now that I ' m in old age , because I have to walk with a stick .                                               
As for conducting live in front of an actual Bowl audience : " It ' s one of the most intense experiences I ' ve ever had .                                           
With just one year remaining under the Obama administration , the vice president has made his mission against cancer his priority .                                                     
We need to identify with him on a human level , to understand whatever he does in his job in Afghanistan he ' s also affected by stuff that happens at home .                               
Health care and technology are two fields that are hiring , according to the site , and jobs in finance are also high on the list .                                           
More than 60 % said junior doctors are taking this action because of working conditions - such as long hours - or over pay .                                               
Police confirmed one Syrian man was also hurt in an attack on Sunday , which took place just 20 minutes after the first , but is believed to have been carried out by a separate group of five men .                 
She said the greatest fear of Zika is limited to a small group - pregnant women or those looking to become pregnant .                                                   
But that dream feels very far away after years spent in a detention camp in the middle of the Pacific Ocean .                                                     
EU states could take more genuine refugees from Syria if they worked together better , the new head of the UN refugee agency has told the BBC .                                         
About 100 of the pilots are thought to still be alive and not all would want to be buried there , Miller said .                                                 
" I remember last year we had 95 staff , whose only role was to serve food and drinks ," she said .                                                   
" I ' m just doing this because I know it ' s the right thing to do ," he told the court .                                                 
Unfortunately when she retired she was never to be replaced - a story true across the local and national press .                                                       
With little over 24 hours to pull everything together , hospital staff helped the couple ' s family make arrangements for the big day .                                               
But if they ' re going to come , bring violence to us , well , if that ' s the language they want to speak we ' ll learn it .                                 
As 2015 comes to a close , we ' re taking a look back at some of the photos and stories that readers loved best .                                             
It seems to me that desire often carries with it a kind of permission : that if I want something , I should be able to grab it .                                       
But it would do so at the expense of me and lots of other Democrats who would be needed to pass it .                                                   
If they say I ' m not living up to what my potential is , I ' ve go to work -- and that ' s every day ," said Russell .                                 
But if history is any indication , one of these limited - release independent films could just be 2016 ' s best picture winner .                                               
Though he never thought he ' d be in this position two months ago , Jackson said the most important thing to him right now is the support he ' s getting at home from his family .                     
It was David who was telling me that he got my phone number from his business manager , who got the number from the film company .                                           
The U . S . government , which backs the talks and has been a major supporter of Syrian opposition groups , has urged the committee to participate in the negotiations without setting conditions .                           
Uber has agreed to pay $ 20 , 000 (£ 13 , 700 ) and to strengthen its privacy policies to settle an investigation by New York ' s attorney general .                                 
He kept on playing with the same problem and then it got worse and he had to stop for almost a year .                                                   
This affects everyday life , such as who can pick a child up from school or make decisions about their medical care .                                                   
She said : " I feel angry , hurt and it has made me question my choice of the area I live in .                                                   
The other day , I noticed that nobody holds the door - or even looks behind them - when they walk into a busy store .                                             
Our Supreme Court victory in 2015 forced the Government to come up with plans to get air pollution within legal limits as soon as possible .                                             
The shopping trip was organised as a special treat to give him a break from his three - times - a - week visit to hospital , but has left him concerned about going out .                         
The annual report , on behalf of the Welsh government , also found more people than ever are being treated .                                                       
In a battle between the state and lawyers who try to hold it to account , the state has always had the advantage .                                                 
He reportedly suffered neck injuries and is in a critical condition in hospital after what is said to have started as a domestic dispute .                                               
One of the gang also attempts to cover his eyes as he returns to move the camera for a second time .                                                     
But hundreds of homes are damaged , with residents yet unable to return , and getting through St . Louis by car , boat or train is difficult .                                       
You couldn ' t even slow it down to make it look bad ... he was going for the ball , full stop .                                                 
The 60 - year - old police chief reflected on his decades of service recently with The Associated Press as he prepared for his retirement on Wednesday .                                         
He says he didn ' t see the shooting , but others in the group said he charged after law enforcement .                                                     
I know the appropriate distance to keep , he has to deal with problems of a different scale ," he said .                                                     
That ' s the worst return since 2008 and down sharply down from the 13 . 7 percent it returned in 2014 .                                                   
He looks really comfortable at the moment , he seems in a really good head space and confident about his ability .                                                     
Because he didn ' t have one session with the team it was not the usual plan for this week .                                                       
She was ill and if she ' d been allowed to see a doctor then she may well be alive today .                                                     
There is an image of a yellow road at night , for instance , that was taken from the car .                                                       
No , I know there were two of them , but it ' s not my fault if they want to share the money , is it ?                                         
His wife , Bill Clinton said , was a " change - maker " long before she ever held elected office .                                                     
That ' s all the other person will see , all that they have to make a decision with : five photos that might just win you a date , so you better make them good .                       
It had all started some weeks before when my editor called me into his office , said Bowie was in town and he wanted an interview .                                           
It was easier to push myself on this station ( probably because I run regularly ) and I really went for it .                                                   
He said the trip gave him time to visit the centre of Berlin , which he probably would not have been to otherwise .                                                 
Senator Williams said he " hadn ' t heard a thing , I ' ve got no idea what is going on , I haven ' t discussed it with Warren .                                 
" She struggled with how to approach it , particularly with a much more powerful person involved ," he said .                                                       
The shares of both companies have been under pressure , falling more than 25 percent in the past 52 weeks over concerns about growth potential .                                             
I know him well enough , I can almost tell how he ' s going to play by looking at him .                                                     
" My expectations were not very high but it was a great start ," the 39 - year - old said .                                                     
The 67 - year - old driver was released on bail by police in Florida , where the incident took place .                                                     
The iconic Bridge St buildings should have been turned into a much needed inner city public high school instead of just another hotel .                                                 
The new feature also looks promising for " couples dating ," he said -- two people looking for someone together without having to create a joint profile .                                         
They fund state and federal cultural institutions through their taxes , but get little benefit in return , and are then expected to fund their own cultural facilities through their rates .                                 
But Williams also stepped up her game , hitting two good returns , including one on a second break point to pull to 4 - 5 .                                           
Why that is and whether there is some other explanation , we ' re going to go through the data and try to figure it out .                                           
And it ' s also the reason so many of them are still on the road - when something breaks , it ' s so simple to repair .                                       
Bill Clinton ' s job approval was at 56 % going into his final year and rose somewhat higher in his last 12 months .                                               
The only thing on your mind might be just having a quiet journey and finally arriving at your holiday destination .                                                       
The " like " button that appears beneath each post on the site is one of its most prominent features .                                                       
If not , they risk damaging the reputation of all charities and their ability to raise money , the MPs add .                                                     
He said their campaign , which also looked at changing young people ' s behaviour , was only days away from being rolled out .                                               
" They ' re there , they ' re visible and people will know they ' ll be there if anything happens ," she said .                                             
Bernie Sanders ' campaign said Sunday that the Vermont senator brought in more than $ 20 million in January in donations to his 2016 presidential campaign .                                           
" He thought it was quite safe in Hong Kong ," she was quoted as saying by the Apple Daily newspaper .                                                     
' At this stage we do not know who the man is in the video and we haven ' t had a complaint from him however we have launched an investigation .                                 
The BBC understands the bank plans to close investment banking operations in several Asia Pacific countries , although it will offer services from other locations .                                             
Labor has vowed to block the measures in the Senate with opposition health spokeswoman Catherine King calling on the government to allow debate on the issue .                                           
The chocolate giant ' s best - selling Easter lines lost more than £ 10 million ($ 20 . 6 million ) in sales last year , London ' s Daily Telegraph reported .                             
That is what members of the public want to know - that this will never happen again ," he said .                                                       
Once she arrives back in Italy , she says she hopes to be able to thank the pilot who helped save her life .                                                 
However , both the German president of the European Parliament and the German EU commissioner have been sharply critical of Poland ' s new government .                                             
In Iraq air strikes are making a difference , largely because there is an army to work with on the ground .                                                     
" I am more than 50 years old , I have never felt security nor peace in this country ," he added .                                                   
There is now a proposal on the table , it is not good enough , it needs more work but we are making progress .                                               
Its customers were allowed to back a runner at its fixed odds price for up to 20 to 30 seconds after a race had begun .                                             
The larger , longer - term issue for Australia ' s US alliance is the relationship between the United States and China .                                                   
Trump tells on ABC ' s " This Week " that members of the Senate will choose him over their own colleague , Sen . Ted Cruz , who is also Trump ' s top rival in Iowa .                   
Trump is referring to a new video by the Bush campaign where his mother takes a more visible role in his campaign .                                                   
Because I ' m over the age limit for the vaccine , is there anything else I can do to help get rid of it ?                                             
Almost 150 households bid for every council and housing association home in Edinburgh , and its population is set to grow up to 30 % over the next 20 years .                                   
" We ' re scared , but we ' re trying to keep positive thoughts in our head ," she said .                                                     
I worked as a police officer in Manchester for 14 years and the fact is that in that situation I would have arrested them on the spot .                                         
He was a father to three children , and he didn ' t come back from his run that day .                                                       
We don ' t score enough goals and you ask about the striker , the only striker we have in your mind .                                                   
James entered Tuesday shooting 31 . 9 per cent on mid - range shots and 28 . 5 per cent outside the lane overall .                                               
He wasn ' t widely known beyond Westminster until he shot to fame after last May ' s general election .                                                       
" We ' ve got a lot of really great candidates and most of them support renewable energy ," he said Sunday .                                                   
In the preparation , we used European - based players and , if we are not going to get them [ for the tournament proper , as was the case this time ], do we do that ?                     
But I can sit here and say that my putting certainly is ready for the Masters to be next week .                                                       
You know , those officials elected by us to run the country on our behalf ; to make the crucial decisions which shape our nation .                                             
It ' s a wonder the producers of this year ' s show did not sign up someone from the world of sport .                                                 
Yes , your home likely contains a lot more residents than you may care to think about , but chances are good that you ' ll never see them .                                     
The most common case is when a bag is pulled for extra screening and doesn ' t make it to the plane on time , he wrote .                                         
But we will use the force of law -- there is law on the books that they can ' t be there .                                                   
They have been the benchmark all year in being able to get the results week in week out ( but ) we drew a line in the sand at the end of our last competition game against Melbourne City .                 
" I ' ll have to keep getting to the point where I have an opportunity to play against her , keep finding a way to turn that around ," she said .                               
" You can pick any match that you like that the top player lost and just create a story out of it ," he said .                                             
There is an intense debate in Germany about refugees and migrants who arrived in record numbers last year , many of them fleeing the conflict in Syria .                                         
But the ever - growing numbers of asylum - seekers , combined with high - profile crimes blamed on migrants in Sweden and elsewhere , have led to the introduction of more hard - line policies toward migrants .                   
The contract rose $ 1 . 18 , or 4 . 2 percent , to close at $ 29 . 53 a barrel Thursday .                                               
The couple have two sons , Dan , 20 and Ed , 18 , who were both away at university at the time but have since returned home .                                       
That remains on the table and it won ' t come off the table unless something equally important is put in its place .                                                 
Republicans have promised to fight such measures in the courts , a process that could take up much of the remaining year that Obama has in office .                                         
The boy , or his location , cannot be identified because he is facing charges in the Children ' s Court .                                                     
Reporter : This morning , police in Texas are asking for the public ' s help in finding the people responsible for the death of a young college student .                                     
A man has appeared in court charged with killing a woman from Cardiff whose body was found in a hotel room over a year ago .                                             
This year Channel Seven has signed a one - year deal for the rights to the event , with another 11 , 000 expected at Sydney Olympic Park on Monday night to see Australia take on the World team .                 
The agency , which is part of the United Nations , was criticized for its slow response to that outbreak , a mistake it does not want to repeat .                                     
He did not play last week , after news of Rangers ' interest broke , because Wright felt he was not in the right frame of mind .                                         
By the time it played against a human being it had played more games of Go than any human possibly could within their lifetime .                                               
If there is a frustration , then it is with the race to make up lost time that he finds himself facing .                                                   
A yellow warning for snow and ice is in place for much of Scotland , Northern Ireland , north west and north east England .                                               
When he is a hundred per cent , good luck beating him ; so even if he says he is not where he was 12 months ago , you still can ' t right him off .                       
The government ' s decision to charge her came as a " shock ," she recalled , and she faced a possible jail term .                                               
We want all NHS patients to have the confidence that they will get the same high quality care every day of the week .                                                 
We want to put a run together now and pick up as many points as we can to put a bit of distance between ourselves and the drop zone .                                     
One of Britain ' s youngest commercial airline pilots has revealed he found passing his driving test more difficult than getting his flying licence .                                               
They inspired me to look at other treatments and I read in the news that a woman was looking to go to Mexico .                                                 
We ' re trying to make it as easy as possible for those helping out , to limit those out - of - pocket costs as much as we can .                                   
" I thought she was the most amazing person ," he said , describing the two meeting and falling in love nearly 45 years ago .                                             
The holiday season is the time for giving , and it ' s more than just presents that are being passed between guests .                                                 
We ' ve seen our own children targeted by the police for no reason other than they committed some crimes .                                                       
For one moment I ' m not saying it ' s ideal , but I do think there ' s a huge amount of effort and attention going into this to ensure the safety of the athletes .                     
" I always had a fear of being found out ... that I had made it up as I have gone along ," he says .                                             
Around 4 : 40 p . m . the players tweeted that they reached 24 hours on the bus and weren ' t expected to leave any time soon .                                     
She believes this is why people have donated £ 37 , 000 - almost 80 per cent of the target - in just three months .                                             
Lewis was looking dominant - as he often can - and the prospect of a two - leg lead was there when he broke , but Anderson came back at him and got the sets level again .                     
I was really nervous , which is one of the things that probably led to my anxiety because I didn ' t know how the body would handle the first week back .                               
We ' ve got some young guys who I ' m excited to play with and seeing what they can do .                                                     
But the Hong Kong government has not done a good job in managing the rental market , leading many small and medium restaurants to close .                                             
The final decision will be made after a public vote ends , running from Monday until Sunday 7 February on the bank ' s Facebook page .                                           
" Secretary Clinton says we just need to impose a few more fees and regulations on the financial industry ," he said .                                                   
She has already had a far greater influence on its identity than any of the three men who have served as director since it opened in 2000 .                                         
" Because it ' s not exciting news ," he says when asked why charity work doesn ' t make the headlines .                                                   
When they attack us , and we ' re unable to protect ourselves , the big men then ask why .                                                       
For the euro area , the damage would also be substantial , ranging from an annual output loss of 0 . 1 - 0 . 25 percentage points .                                       
I stand with my peers who are calling for change in expanding the stories that are told and recognition of the people who tell them .                                             
It is not the first time that the Saudi leaders and the United States have been at odds in recent years .                                                     
When the Rams open the 2016 season , the defense will be the strength for a team seeking its first winning season since 2003 .                                               
In that consultation , it was not possible to see an easy way through as to how you would determine if a sexual crime had happened .                                           
He has suffered a lot , him and others , after all he is a child and he will not be able to stand more than what he has already stood .                                 
One man described how his partner and 15 - year - old daughter were surrounded by a crowd outside the station and he was unable to help .                                         
" I ' ve got no evidence to support his allegations that he was assaulted by police ," he said .                                                       
It ' s not a matter of what he needs to do , it ' s just a matter of when I ' m going to put him back in there .                                 
I ' ve been very lucky in my acting career - there are plenty of actors who are more able than me .                                                   
The report said collaboration between the two countries has improved in the last year , but cited concerns about corruption among Mexican authorities .                                                 
I didn ' t go into the pre - season thinking ' well maybe next year ' and I could actually look ahead and get excited for 2016 .                                       
I want you to understand because I don ' t think you can get what we need done in this election nor in the presidency unless you level with people .                                   
The military said at the time that she had pulled out a knife at the entrance to a military base and threatened civilians .                                                 
A 32 - year - old man was arrested today and is currently in custody at a North London police station .                                                     
" I didn ' t expect my term in office to go like this , this isn ' t how I pictured it ," she said .                                           
" This is taxpayers " money so it is only right that councils choose to work with firms which pay their fair share of tax ," she said .                                       
Nearly 6 , 000 people have been killed since the Saudi coalition entered Yemen ' s conflict in March , almost half of them civilians .                                             
Even so , Clinton ' s campaign is confident that there is enough time to change the way people in Iowa and New Hampshire view the senator -- reflected in the intensity with which its focusing on his record .                 
Anderson became district attorney in 2013 , appointed by Perry to replace her husband , who had died of cancer .                                                       
Mr Trump ' s campaign manager announced the decision on Tuesday evening , with just 48 hours to go before the debate .                                                   
The intelligence community has deemed some of Clinton ' s emails " too damaging " to national security to release under any circumstances , a U . S . government official close to the ongoing review told Fox News .                 
" I hear people use it , and I wonder if they know that it came from her ," she says .                                                     
I was determined to be the opposite of my dad , so I made sure he knew how much I loved him .                                                   
He noted that while U . S . stocks mostly lost ground in 2015 , European and Japanese stock markets posted gains .                                                   
The last day of January falls on a Sunday , meaning that clubs are granted an extra day to get their last - minute deals done .                                           
And to expand treatment and background check reporting for people with mental health issues , the plan calls for $ 500 million to increase access to mental healthcare .                                       
The White House says Obama ' s post - presidency plans don ' t include becoming a Supreme Court justice .                                                       
A 26 - year - old man from Hampshire was arrested and released on bail until February while investigations continue .                                                       
There is a big gap between the two on who better understands what voters are feeling , and to whom each would listen as president .                                             
If others do not work with us , it ' s not something we can sort on our own ," she said .                                                   
He was elected to six terms and served 21 years in office , twice being forced out due to criminal activity .                                                     
We could at the same time make efforts to convince all nations to use their national flag and the UN flag in the same way .                                             
But , it does suggest that some women don ' t need to follow the traditional advice of holding off trying again for three months after early pregnancy loss .                                     
I have not come prepared with any evidence ... but I hear a good deal to suggest that a number of families prefer to live on benefits rather than go to work .                               
The mission participants are working together to draw up a list of possible targets for future British and coalition airstrikes .                                                       
Mr Hunt , who has declined to comment , is among those who won permission for his development before the rules changed .                                                   
Both were jailed for two years and Anderson was given an extra 12 month sentence for the material found on his computer .                                                   
Tom said : ' I decided to think of a challenge a week which would really push me out of my comfort zone and then blog about it .                                         
The domestic market rose 2 . 3 per cent to 25 . 9 million , according to traffic statistics released by Sydney Airport today .                                               
I don ' t think they will recognise me when I land there - I can ' t wait to see their faces as I look like a different person .                                   
The experience brought home to me that there was simply no way the union would ever listen to me no matter how much I tried to speak for my colleagues .                                   
The ban will continue in several European countries that were occupied by Nazi Germany , including Austria and the Netherlands .                                                       
The first thing you should ask is have they sponsored anyone before - and if they say yes , ask how long ago .                                                 
Martin reports that U . S . intelligence had expected a test at some point because of the amount of the activity at the site .                                             
Or check out a menu that ' s delivered to your door , in the form of a meal in a box from one of the eight services we ' ve test - driven for you .                       
North Korea is the only nation to have conducted any nuclear tests since 1999 , with tests in 2006 , 2009 , 2013 and this year .                                           
It is because the government ' s proposals would be bad for patient care as well as junior doctors in the long - term that we are taking this stand ," he added .                             
His father , who lives in the centre of the port city , refused to comment on whether he approached clients or whether they came to him .                                         
We would need to get a buy - to - let mortgage on the flat - the existing mortgage is in my name only .                                               
The app records the owner ' s credit card details , number plate and park location and when fully implemented promises to allow parking officers to check if payment has been made without a paper ticket .                       
According to Kim , North Korean officials said they had been monitoring his activities since 2009 , two years after he established his cross - border business .                                         
Brown said people in western Sydney did not expect the region would receive the same amount of arts funding as inner - city Sydney .                                               
It is also believed that Sydney , Australia will be standing in for New Zealand when the show starts filming in March .                                                   
" My decision is more based on good service , and I should have the right to chose my own fund for whatever reason I want ," she said .                                     
It ' s about giving the guys confidence by knowing their plan is going to be backed up by me whether at times I agree with it or not .                                     
We ' ve got to make a case for it by showing them something they can ' t get at home .                                                     
The legislation , passed last week as part of a package of criminal justice reforms , was a victory for domestic violence campaigners .                                                 
She will hope to put the controversy over doping to one side as she aims to retain her Olympic title in Rio .                                                   
The department will establish around six business centres across the country , each one focusing on a key business activity .                                                       
A charity which has been a driving force behind opening many free schools wants to remove barriers to faith groups opening more free schools .                                               
We ' ve tested an army of products so you don ' t have to , and only the ones that really worked made the final cut .                                         
The 100 , 000 foot - high day trips would offer amazing views of Earth all for the price of $ 75 , 000 .                                               
He ' s more than made up for it with big plays that helped the Broncos reach the Super Bowl .                                                       
They ' d say this is for the good of the country and we ' re going to buy you out at top dollar .                                               
Police said he shot and wounded two men inside and stabbed their father in the face before shooting himself in the head .                                                   
I ' ve pressed ministers to move public sector jobs out of London , as Labour did , and I ' ll be challenging this decision at every opportunity .                                     
The employee who was later sacked also started a physical fight with his general manager after being told to go home .                                                     
We ' ve been going like this for a year and a half before anybody even knew about the water .                                                       
This spring , police in several districts will be wearing new body cameras as part of a pilot program that , if successful , could spread to the whole force .                                   
This behaviour does happen to the odd person , for whatever reason and it doesn ' t have to end up with violence .                                                 
It is important they play in games like this because they bring experience and that experience is needed at a big tournament .                                                   
In less than a month , the prime minister is expected to have secured a deal he can put to the British people over the country ' s future in Europe .                                 
I was thinking Florida has to be cold because of that storm that ' s hitting on the east coast .                                                       
In addition to large rallies , Trump is now spending more time on smaller , retail - style campaign events .                                                       
Some kids just learn better by moving , some kids learn really well by sitting still engaging with a book , but some kids have trouble sitting and not doing anything .                                 
The Irish sides have struggled this year , though they are traditionally strong , and they had a decent enough World Cup .                                                   
However , even the president said he does not believe legislation to increase gun regulation will pass this term in the Republican - led Congress .                                             
" We ' ve been getting a lot of investment buyers looking for either a holiday rental or permanent rental ," Evans said .                                                 
The 27 - year - old was on the bench for the majority of the game before taking the field late into the fourth quarter as part of the special teams unit .                               
The team looking after the mission has sent a last message to the craft in an attempt to wake it up .                                                     
If we are going to defend the border and also we are going to stop people doing what he did we need to send a strong message .                                         
" But sometimes it ' s a race against time to apply for the best offers because people just don ' t want to miss out on the latest offers ," he says .                             
Two further protests are planned in the coming weeks , including an all - out strike where they will not treat any patients - the first in the NHS ' s history .                               
They ' re now showing a video clip from some of the world ' s best players describing how important he has been to the sport .                                           
The sun supplies the energy for almost all of life on Earth , but all good things come to an end .                                                     
I think it ' s good for Hillary because I think her support is clearly spread out throughout the state and they have been working on it for a longer amount of time .                             
He then picked up a piece of wood which was lying at the front door and repeatedly hit him on the head .                                                   
Last year 51 per cent of people who sent a thank - you message wrote a letter or card , while 49 per cent used email , text or social media .                                 
It ' s the lifestyle and where I am going to be most happy off the field - it ' s a special team , a special coach .                                       
This is one that hasn ' t been released to the public yet , so I really wanted to share it with everyone .                                                 
Calais is much more secure and protected than it is here , and now the camp here has got much bigger since the summer .                                               
He said that he doesn ' t have any particular plans in London yet but will give his family " a chance to at least explore .                                           
What has happened here is only possible with small numbers and a community able to cope with the demands on infrastructure .                                                     
For November , the category that covers credit cards increased $ 5 . 7 billion after a much smaller $ 65 million gain in October .                                             
We might need to take into account the future immune health of breast cancer patients when planning treatments , but more research is needed to determine whether this would improve patient outcomes .                               
It ' s hard for the leadership to know what to do next because they realize anything that involves China turns in to a very dangerous game .                                         
At the College of Southern Nevada , Moore led a major expansion during the 1990s , when Clark County was one of the fastest - growing areas of the country .                                   
" I couldn ' t do that to the Chelsea fans ," he claimed " I couldn ' t play for another Premier League club .                                             
You have to know where it ' s supposed to happen , but you never know when it will happen or if it will at all .                                           
I can understand why some people who watch the game on TV want to watch something more attractive , but the season is long and we ' re getting better and better .                               
If he were to contest Senate pre - selection for 2016 he would be seeking to stay in Parliament until the age of 80 .                                               
Apple joined Google in a separate filing , saying the financial terms of their agreement are ' highly sensitive to both Google and Apple .                                               
He had been violent towards her on a number of occasions , she said , and had made a series of death threats .                                                 
For a while , it was almost as if they wanted to talk to the majority of Republicans in the nation ' s biggest state .                                             
But progress has been made on the shoulder , he feels better and we ' ll go from there tomorrow and see how much he can take in the game .                                   
Of the previous seven , they ' ve been to the Super Bowl five times and lost their first game twice , including in 2012 to Baltimore .                                         
" I think most residents would be very concerned about it but we haven ' t heard anything from the Government ," he said .                                               
Earlier this week , Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio said if elected president he will advocate for the states to call a constitutional convention to impose term limits on members of Congress .                               
Adams told the court he was waiting to see how much he would be fined so he could assess whether he could ­ afford to pay for repair works .                                     
McDonald ' s has denied the incident , saying they are " pretty convinced " it did not happen at all .                                                     
Unfortunately , we simply do not have the money to fund them all and have to make some really tough decisions .                                                     
His players love that because they feel like , ' He believes in us and is ready to go to the wall for us .                                                 
" I think Ted is under a lot of pressure over the last few days ," Rubio told reporters here .                                                       
He scored on his debut in a 5 - 2 win and had an excellent half - season , scoring nine goals in 20 matches .                                             
We can ' t always play fantastic football and that was also the case in former days when it didn ' t happen .                                                 
But people are going to judge and have their own opinion on certain things that I don ' t have control over .                                                   
Nearly 70 % of Italian workers labour in firms with fewer than 50 employees , compared with about a third in America .                                                   
" If I can help in any way with the trust or in any other way , like finding investors , I ' ll do it as I love the club ," Davies told BBC Radio Manchester .                     
If I ' d known where they were going I ' d have grabbed them , told the police , done anything to stop them .                                             
Though we may hope he isn ' t the next President of the United States , it ' s time we faced up to the possibility that he could be .                                   
Men have been advised to drink no than 14 units of alcohol a week in new guidelines issued by the UK ' s chief medical officers .                                           
But with all my injuries over the years , even though I know that I ' m getting older , I still feel quite young .                                             
I can ' t describe it , I am just really happy and I just have to prepare for the next one .                                                   
The Kings had needed scoring from the left side , too , and King has provided that since his return .                                                       
We have all seen the pictures of the desperate conditions people are living in across Europe , including just miles from the UK ' s border .                                           
The new rules mean that international companies will have to tell the country they operate in what they make in that nation and how much tax they pay .                                       
' The longer in advance you stop , the better , but even 24 hours can help ,' she adds .                                                       
I find it ' s the least I can do to show my thanks for helping me and millions like me for 65 years .                                               
I barely remembered the name of the band that I tried -- the joke I tried to end on that did not get a laugh .                                             
" I think we have the best volunteers with the greatest commitment and greatest record , and get the candidate a little better , I think we ' ll be in good shape ," Bush said when asked about his chances of finishing second .       
The project has fallen two years behind schedule and faced a wide range of legal , political and technical challenges .                                                       
" I wouldn ' t have taken Dylan to court for three years and then help him run away ," she said .                                                   
It was felt you should not be alone with female children , and what concerned the authorities was your relationship with a vulnerable woman with young children .                                         
We need a commander - in - chief with the experience and judgment to deal with a dangerous North Korea on Day One .                                                 
I am really excited to be here , meet all the guys , get to know them and start training and playing .                                                   
We are very grateful for all his efforts over so many years and our thoughts are with his family at this difficult time .                                                 
" You need your house painted , I can do it ," he told a reporter at its Toronto premiere last autumn .                                                   
The main thing for us is to keep the ball , play our style of football and if we do make chances , finish them .                                             
However , with £ 25 , 000 invested they could get advice if they were happy to pay the relevant fees .                                                     
The results haven ' t been going our way in recent weeks , but we ' re creating enough chances to win games , especially the one down there .                                     
" I think that ' s what the president is trying to do and I think that will be the right thing to do ," he said .                                         
I was sure I had all the details clear in my head , but just to confirm everything before talking to the police I re - read my notes - the first time since the murder day .                     
Cruz ( 33 percent ) has the advantage over Trump ( 26 percent ) among self - described " very " conservative voters .                                                 
Football in Australia should have a New Year ' s resolution : to make 2016 the year of the professional competition .                                                     
Northern Ireland is the only country in the UK not to have introduced same - sex marriage following a vote in April 2014 .                                                 
So this is one example of the fact that even though some people have given some great performances in movies , they weren ' t even thought about .                                       
Apple , which reported earnings earlier this week , forecast its first year - over - year sales decline in 13 years .                                                   
The force watchdog found in December that the alleged conduct of the officers , a man and a woman , was not criminal .                                                 
But the so - called " Football for All " scheme is close to her heart - and she is putting just as much effort into that at the moment .                                   
Then we saw police put a man in the back of a van , and officers with guns were standing guard .                                                     
January is traditionally a time when people in Britain consider taking a break from alcohol , but the latest guidelines from the UK ' s chief medical officers suggest more long - term changes could be necessary .                     
' He would say he was getting married again and starting a new life out there and he didn ' t want to live in England any more .                                       
Work will begin later this month on the first of 12 capital investment projects in Scotland that were delayed after changes to European Union ( EU ) rules .                                       
I know that there will be a lot of people here on [ Saturday ] and I just hope that we can put on a good show .                                         
The contract was meant to help our A & E doctors - but it looks like it would do nothing of the sort .                                                 
A new law in Britain has expanded the meaning of domestic abuse by including emotional or psychological harm that falls short of threats of physical violence .                                           
The United manager conceded his team ' s performance was not good enough , but stressed that making it through to the fourth round was the most important thing .                                     
The airline reported a record profit , almost triple its net income from a year ago , as fuel costs fell by almost a third .                                             
When you ' re so wrapped up in this world , if you don ' t get an interest in it you shouldn ' t be there .                                         
He was only six when we split up and the judge decided he ' d be better off with his mother .                                                     
International exports from Scotland have now increased by 17 . 3 % since 2010 , more than the 15 . 9 % increase for the UK as a whole .                                     
Las Vegas police said in the statement issued Friday that the man had been under surveillance and fled from federal authorities who then called Las Vegas police for help in the search .                               
Asked this week if he wanted to return to the team , the coach said : " Do I want to come back ?                                                   
You ' re friends and raising your son [ together ] and it ' s very friendly , and I think that ' s the way it should be .                                     
It was how little I knew of the struggle of being a mother - how the capacity to love is so big .                                                   
" The officer was still alive when he was found on the hotel grounds , but died in hospital later ," he added .                                                 
But they were also inside you , somehow , like a native language , with the result that you took them with you as you moved out into the world .                                   
" The captain has to be the coach of the team , making decisions for the team on the field ," Jones said .                                                 
In 2015 there were 58 cases per 100 , 000 people in Victoria , twice the infection rate of 10 years ago , health department data shows .                                         
On the campaign trail , the presidential candidate has insisted that no classified information was sent or received through her private email server .                                                 
I don ' t tell a person in the store I want to see something that costs $ 10 , 000 .                                                     
The Kings have not finished last since the 20 - 11 team which went 8 - 20 in the club ' s first season back in the league after a two - year absence .                           
His first touch managed to get the ball under control and the second picked out the corner with a left - foot shot .                                                 
So it ' s now all about Trump , who challenges not a political camp , but the core of the U . S . system itself .                                         
The sad part is ... there are another 100 that haven ' t seen an attorney , that don ' t know they can appeal and that are most likely going to be removed that are going to face serious harm .             
A second band of heavy rain is forecast for Friday , according to the Met Office , with yellow warnings already in place for parts of Scotland , Northern Ireland , north - east England and Wales .                     
I just want to make sure you realize this is not for me personally ," the former Florida governor said .                                                       
He doesn ' t often see one of his grown - up daughters , as she has been ill in hospital , but his other daughter visits every couple of weeks .                                 
The Scottish Liberal Democrats , who released the data following a Freedom of Information request , warned there was a " struggle " to cope with demand .                                         
By dropping this language , the Fed appeared to signal concern that inflation has fallen further as a result of a further drop in oil prices and a stronger dollar .                                   
22 at 5 a . m . in a holding area , and the inmates ' escape wasn ' t confirmed until 16 hours later , giving them a lengthy head start on authorities searching for them .                     
We now need to treat train travel like air travel : book on a specific train , weeks or months ahead .                                                     
We aren ' t in situations enough but we are often in situations where we can score goals and we don ' t use them .                                             
It ' s been federal law for over two centuries that the child of an American citizen born abroad is a citizen by birth , a natural born citizen .                                     
" In this moment with no centre back fit , I would say it is a situation where we have to think about going into the transfer market ," he said after the victory .                           
Well , look : if you look at where we are relative to our international competitors , we were once first in the world in the portion of our population that had college degrees .                           
That was a shock as I didn ' t even know it had gone up to 65 , let alone that it would climb to 66 .                                           
The average age of Saudi citizens is about 21 years old and millions are entering the workforce in the coming years .                                                     
He said : " I haven ' t considered that because we need a strong Scottish voice in the shadow cabinet .                                                       
Germany , the country most of the refugees are heading for , also said on Wednesday that it wants the number of migrants coming to the country to fall " significantly " after almost 1 . 1 million asylum seekers arrived last year .         
The prison service will continue to work with the provider to ensure that services are in place to support relationships between families and prisoners .                                               
" A few months ago , I directed my team at the White House to look into any new actions I can take to help reduce gun violence ," he said .                                 
It must be hard to find the time just to listen to a record that many times , and to judge it is a whole different thing .                                         
Food is love to me and to be able to give people I love their favorite thing they like to eat and cook it better than anybody else and make them smile is just everything .                         
I have no idea what it is , but there is definitely an intelligence - a higher intelligence - at work in you during this experience .                                           
This girl is out of her mind and we ' re not sure what she ' s going to say when she leaves here .                                               
I have these causes that I want to put some light into like HIV awareness and other causes that I personally believe in .                                                 
Police said five members of staff were inside the newly - opened shop at the time , but no one was injured .                                                   
But it didn ' t take me that long to get super into it , so even when I ' m not working I follow what ' s going on .                                   
Four people have been taken to hospital following a collision between a bus and two cars in the centre of Hamilton .                                                     
Jamie Murray and his brother Andy are two of three British players in the later stages of this year ' s tournament .                                                   
I have spent the past nine years developing a professional reputation and meeting friends who I care deeply about and this is not how I wanted them to see me .                                   
" They are clearly two people who have known each other for a while [ and ] at times it ' s very much like a younger brother writing to an older sister ," Ms Taylor said .                     
A senior Mexican official , who did not want to be identified , said that law remains in place and that the U . S . would have to take the death penalty off the table .                       
But have all these apps that allow us to pick and choose mean we are less loyal to doctors than we used to be ?                                               
With the average age of entry to children ' s homes being 14 , and the average length of stay four months , it was " hardly likely to change their lives ," Sir Martin said .                       
" They have more health opportunities , are well connected with their families , have got technology and the ability to use that with smart devices , and the cost of travel is quite low ," he said .                   
So I think , really , the outcome of what happened was that the conversation began and we want to make sure that that conversation continues .                                           
This [ kind of thing ] is spreading over Europe , and we in Denmark are taking the lead in this by making this law .                                             
That ' s obviously good news , but it also means there are nearly no patients to test the drugs on , so scientists have to rely on lab and animal studies .                               
ISIS , which now controls large parts of Iraq and Syria , has killed thousands of civilians in the past two years .                                                   
The statement doesn ' t name the group or say where it is located or whether the alleged association is past or present .                                                 
At least 31 people , most from North African or Middle Eastern countries , have been charged so far over the attacks , police say .                                             
We keep saying now that women are moving up through the ranks of industry things should change but this party is a good example that things aren ' t .                                     
" We know it was stolen ; how many hands it may have passed through in the last couple of years , we do not know ," Ross said .                                     
I ' m just happy to be back in the game - I ' d have gone in for free if I ' d had to .                                           
I ' m happy I was able to really just hold down and take care of things on my end and just keep fighting .                                               
" When I working on them , my focus wasn ' t on the fact that they would create something beautiful ," he says .                                               
An ill - considered gift to your beloved could quite easily result in a night of hot tears rather than passion .                                                     
But , as anyone who ' s ever done live TV probably knows , the pressure of an audience changes things .                                                     
She said he ' d have to wait for some time - only then did he realise that periods were monthly .                                                     
" We stayed back for two and a half years so my dad and mom could get settled ," he said .                                                     
A UK government spokesperson said : " The government is making sure Britain gets a pay rise and that businesses have the skills they need to succeed .                                           
A spokesman for the Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust said : ' It has been brought to our attention that a package intended for one of the institutions based at Royal Free Hospital was delivered to an address in Bristol .               
A former British soldier is to be re - investigated over the shooting of a man 26 years ago , it has emerged .                                                 
He knew straight away that he could make a living out of it , and with that knowledge he found himself losing interest in his studies .                                           
He was jailed for 10 years , and ordered to serve an additional four years on licence following his release because the judge considered him such a danger to the public .                                 
More than 30 per cent of this group received more than 50 emails a day and more than 65 per cent allowed their devices to update emails round the clock .                                   
However , nuclear experts questioned North Korea ' s claim , saying the size of the blast was not large enough to have been from an H - bomb .                                     
In 2014 , a 68 - year - old woman was hit by a bike when she got off a bus right next to a cycle lane .                                         
Two weeks ago we had three centre backs , that ' s a good situation , at the start of the season we had five , now we have none .                                   
When I left my husband I wasn ' t thinking about money , I was thinking about my well - being and state of mind .                                             
It would have happened anyway , but if it wasn ' t for Apple it ' d have taken 10 - 15 years , but now it ' ll happen in 5 - 7 years .                         
Women will be allowed to drive their cars on all days but they can only be accompanied by women , and children below the age of 12 .                                         
A third more complaints were made about the accounts between April and December last year than in the whole of 2014 / 15 .                                                 
With that kind of profile , you ' d think she ' d be welcomed by student activists all over the country .                                                   
She was advised to apply to a particular section of the housing office , and we helped her to do so , but we ' ve just been told the council doesn ' t have any single rooms available that housing benefit will cover .       
When I talk to my counterparts across the country , they don ' t always have the same thing , so I think we ' re lucky .                                         
They have had some difficulty coming to terms with the fact Mercedes , the double champions of the past two seasons , are even more dominant now than they were a few years ago .                           
" What we have to do is get beyond the politics of this issue ," Obama he said at a 2008 Democratic debate in Philadelphia .                                             
" We ' ve never believed our South Australian heritage gives us the right to be less effective on price ," he said .                                                 
Other panel members include two Northern Ireland - based doctors and two health service managers who are from Northern Ireland but now work in England .                                             
She was charged with " gathering and participation with intent to commit crime against national security " due to comments on Facebook .                                                   
That points to a potential problem with his strategy for 2016 , when another Democrat ' s name will lead the ballot .                                                   
I know I am very lucky to be alive but life has changed so much because of that terrible accident .                                                       
" This is exactly what we have repeatedly told the Obama administration could happen and why we do not want refugees coming to Texas ," Patrick said .                                         
After a decade without a studio album he released The Next Day in 2013 , surprising fans who thought he had retired .                                                   
So the story he told took what we were doing and went in the direction that he felt was best but that is very much in line with what we were thinking as well .                           
But because we are living as one family now and everybody is sort of supporting one another , it happened to be that I found that my boyfriend and I are going to have a little one .                     
It is just the latest example of the Muslim extremists " ability to strike anywhere in Syria , despite the Russians having entered the civil war on al - Assad ' s side and their bombing campaign .                     
He is an amazing coach and , if he comes to the Premier League , I think he will win a lot of titles .                                               
They were the best two years of job growth since 6 . 4 million jobs were added in 1997 and 1998 combined .                                                   
To be honest many people don ' t talk about it , they live their lives as if nothing happened .                                                       
He was appearing before Parliament ' s joint select committee on Australia ' s detention network , which had been established with the support of the Greens and the Coalition .                                   
At the same time , pay growth remains below the roughly 3 . 5 percent pace typical of a healthy economy .                                                     
I thought it was a serious situation , like he may not make it out alive if we don ' t do something .                                                 
With new controls on Sweden ' s border , Denmark rushed to prevent thousands of migrants arriving from Germany from becoming stuck in Denmark , unable to travel onto Sweden .                                   
It was launched to celebrate the birth of his daughter Max after critics argued that it could provide a way for the founder to avoid paying tax on the sale of his shares .                             
" We ' re not against the solar farm , it ' s good energy , but we need the safety from the highway ," he said .                                         
He returned for the Brisbane International last week but made a quick exit , going down in straight sets in the opening round .                                                 
They added that all of the claims - whether of lost , stolen or damaged tickets - are being considered on case - by - case basis .                                         
The clinical trial model in this case is very good -- that is exactly the kind of work that needs to be done right now .                                             
He has started just three Premier League games since October and was not part of the squad for the recent matches against Leicester , Manchester City and Manchester United .                                     
It would not only help in situations of crisis but also give parents peace of mind that they are a little more prepared if faced with an emergency .                                       
" But I fell onto my back , by the time I got back up and got more water , it was too late and we had to get out ," he said .                             
I ' m sure he won because some people deemed it was time a black man won again and that ' s how the campaign went .                                           
This year , I ' ve really worked on understanding the game more and trying to get my game sense up .                                                     
" I ' m a fan of all types of music ," she explains before one last push over the finishing line .                                                   
Indonesia was on the highest possible alert for a terror attack over the holiday period , with 11 alleged terrorists - suspected to be planning an attack in December - arrested in the lead - up to Christmas .                   
I don ' t care what anyone else thinks of me on the school run , but I do care what I think of myself .                                             
" Even if we do break up , I ' m still going to see this man everywhere I go , at every family event ," she says .                                       
I told my players during the break : Since we ' re here anyway , we might actually play a bit of football .                                                 
A law enforcement source told Fox News that city police and the FBI were investigating the tip , which came from a woman who stopped an officer on the street Saturday night .                               
If you want to improve weekend care , why on earth would you impose a pay cut for staff doing this vital weekend work , pushing them out of NHS .                                   
' Just the fact that one human being is willing to help another one means a lot to me ,' he added .                                                   
Iran has called on China to join the fight against ISIS and play a more active role in the region .                                                       
It is taking views away from local councils and local people - and then soon they will have no say at all .                                                   
The idea that , in film and TV , being attractive is always about being young is wrong because that ' s not true in life .                                           
And from a certain point he knows that there is no more escape for him because of the things he has done .                                                   
You ' re essentially trying to take what is in someone ' s head and determine whether or not there ' s going to be some violent physical reaction associated with it .                               
The migrant question has thrown the EU into crisis , and even this , its most powerful nation , is struggling to find a way out .                                           
" You know , as I was coming up here , and I always do this , I said , " I ' m not going to get emotional about winning these awards ,"" he said .                         
He had allegedly been battling several health problems in recent years , including suffering a heart attack in March 2015 .                                                       
Over the next few hours he interviewed them to find out as much as he could about their conditions , families and treatment .                                                 
What will this do for Twitter , which has been going through something of an identity crisis as other competing social media options have emerged ?                                             
" It is an iconic Australian company and clearly it has been let down by a whole range of factors ," he told reporters in Adelaide .                                           
The 30 - year - old said : ' His decision , although devastating at the time , was the wake - up call I needed .                                             
She probably doesn ' t have the speed to be right there , but we ' re hoping we can be somewhere around midfield .                                               
At the current pace of growth , China could be the world ' s second - largest cruise market by 2017 , industry experts say .                                             
We are doing our best to save Ali and we live in hope that one day he will be free ," he said .                                                 
And we actually sell our products online because it means we can actually offer our products for a price that is not crazy high .                                               
By contrast , 56 % of those who identify with Republicans say Trump would be good or great in the White House .                                                   
During her time in London and Brussels , she has highlighted how her country ' s resources , infrastructure , and education system has been affected by the arrival of refugees in recent months .                           
The Chinese president began a round of diplomatic visits to the region on January 19 that started off in Saudi Arabia and Egypt .                                                 
Her late father Robert Kardashian , who was part of Simpson ' s defense team , is a prominent character in the series .                                                 
The report says Canada ' s government has made protecting women ' s rights part of the domestic and foreign policy .                                                     
The banking inquiry in the Republic of Ireland has found that senior executives and directors across financial institutions were responsible for the failure of banks during the financial crisis .                                     
What happens at home or in your personal life ( no matter who you ' re dating ) almost always affects your attitude , which affects your work - it ' s just a fact of life .                     
I wouldn ' t want to be rich as you ' d be worried about keeping your money safe ,' she said .                                                   
U . S . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stops speaking while waiting for protesters to be removed at a campaign rally at the University of Iowa in Iowa City , Iowa , January 26 , 2016 .                     
The best way to weather a disaster is to make sure it doesn ' t happen in the first place .                                                       
We ' re certainly going to have to prepare and coach the team a lot better than we did that night .                                                     
He declined to comment on whether he was still on schedule for an agreement on EU reforms and a public vote on Britain ' s future within the bloc in the summer .                               
The MPs said the situation was so urgent that they could not wait for their inquiry to be completed before speaking out .                                                   
It ' s been against the tax credit for wind energy , and those are thousands of jobs in our state .                                                     
" If you looked down on the solar system and had the sun in the centre , all of these objects would head out to the 9 o ' clock position ," said Brown .                           
Nearly 50 years later , another academy president is facing a similar crisis , this time over the hot - button issue of race .                                               
He doesn ' t have a fear of failure and he doesn ' t care whether you are saying good things or bad things , as long as you ' re talking about him .                           
After all , in many cases there ' s nothing new or different about the medication -- the only thing that ' s changing is its price .                                         
The building looked in a reasonable state of repair from the outside , but nothing prepared me for what I found inside .                                                   
When he told me that he hadn ' t received a phone call about being in the squad , I told him he ' d be the last to hear because they ' d be making him captain .                   
Even Saudi Arabia ' s friends believe it is playing with fire when it comes to maintaining high oil production and low prices .                                                 
The company is still not available in China , which is the last big country to hold out on the online TV and film streaming service .                                           
In Melbourne , the temperature will begun its steady climb , starting with 21 degrees on Thursday , 25 on Friday , 30 on Saturday and 31 on Sunday .                                     
' I ' m looking for her but the police say everyone has been taken to hospital ,' he said .                                                       
It is thought he would like to take on the energy and climate change brief , for which he was secretary of state under Gordon Brown .                                           
He said it was ' difficult to say at this stage ' whether the attack involved one person or more .                                                       
Kerry said ending the Syrian conflict would benefit the world community by ending the migrant crisis and would " cut the legs out from under " ISIS .                                         
The media outlets didn ' t name any players , but said half of them would be competing at the Australian Open .                                                   
Three months later - on 29 May 2015 - when Luke failed to respond to his family ' s calls , police officers broke into his house and found him dead on his bedroom floor .                         
He had a long association with the Australian National University , although the campus will remain in the seat of Canberra .                                                     
I am not going to sit here and say we should have taken our chances , you have heard it all before , you need to take your chances , we didn ' t .                           
So , he ' ll be under center for the Denver Broncos ( 12 - 4 ) in the playoffs .                                                       
Just 19 per cent said it was a bad thing , with the rest saying they didn ' t know or take a position .                                               
Both of those are taking the media world as source material , rather than the actual virtual world of a real landscape or person .                                               
And so , 81 per cent of the 29 . 5 million adults over the age of 65 have a license and continue to drive .                                             
" I didn ' t want to tell the school in person in case they realised what I was up to ," says Jennifer .                                               
The 20 - episode series is scheduled to shoot early this year in Mexico , and will air in late 2016 .                                                     
We won ' t hold this against you forever - we all know you ' ve done much more good than bad in your career .                                             
She got up there and said , at dinner I asked my dad , I said where did you get this money ?                                                   
With his powers on immigration policy less clearly defined by law , Obama ' s lawyers found a great deal more running room to act when Congress would not .                                     
" Although there is no immediate danger you need to be aware and keep up to date in case the situation changes ," she said .                                             
The father told community activists that he ran to a nearby store and asked to use a phone , but was denied permission .                                                 
After that first night , we ended up spending a week together before she headed back to Australia for a few months but I convinced her to move back - and the rest , as they say , is history .               
That is now just 0 . 1 percentage point below the peak employment rate of 68 . 9 % in April - June 2007 .                                               
If that happens , the U . S . military can then work with that government to conduct air , and possibly ground , operations against ISIS targets .                                       
But often cards with annual fees come with some kind of benefit that the user thinks is a good deal .                                                       
We ' re going to be friends at the end of this , and we ' ll see how it all plays out .                                                 
She can barely stand to listen to what her father is saying - perhaps because she knows it ' s the truth .                                                   
She also urged her supporters to think about what a Republican presidency would be like , and cast her self as the best Democrat to stop that possibility .                                       
The main Syrian opposition group is staying away from peace talks until they get a response to their demands from the United Nations , opposition figures said as a U . N . official said the talks will begin in Geneva as planned on Friday .     
The last three games we have lost 1 - 0 and had good chances to score first but we ' ve not .                                                   
Muslim , gay , transgender , it doesn ' t matter : the purpose of coming to university is to grow strong enough to fight your way through .                                       
' We need to build a support system that gives help to all , where people don ' t get pushed aside based on their physical symptoms .                                         
A decision from the ACT on the dispute between the national energy regulator and the power networks was due by December 22 , but the ACT advised before Christmas it could be up to three months late .                     
We have all left home in a rush to get to work or elsewhere but that extra moment taken to ensure windows and doors are locked may help prevent a break - in .                             
She was not the royal family but she was liked by ordinary people , it gave her problems with the royal establishment .                                                   
As leader of the opposition , Cameron declared Britain " broken " under Labour , and said he was the one to fix it .                                               
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found following a house fire in Cardiff .                                                 
The court was told that the third woman alleged that she was sexually assaulted during drinks after a business meeting last year .                                                   
After opening its borders for quite a while , their infrastructure is very stressed and they can ' t keep up with the numbers .                                               
We had games in hand , but they had points on the table and it was always going to be difficult to catch them .                                               
She once said : ' It ' s a shame that my Charlie wasn ' t around to see us all on television .                                                   
Instead , all assets will be treated as income at a deemed interest rate , which could be 6 per cent to start with .                                               
The latest poll also found than 52 percent of New Hampshire Democrats are now sure about their choice for president , up from 36 percent who felt that way in early December .                               
I don ' t know what the truth is and I don ' t , as a regular citizen , know how to find that information out .                                         
In latest figures , 56 girls and women reported missing by their families between January 1 2015 and December 31 2015 are ' all feared to have travelled to Syria ', police said .                             
An island with a hot water and electricity - equipped house can go for $ 500 , 000 in the US .                                                     
" There are three things that will lift people out of poverty : work , marriage , and a high school education , at least ," Bush said Wednesday at a town hall in New Hampshire when talking about his proposal .             
At the time , she was among a group of 10 travel agents returning to their hotel after an evening meal .                                                     
It was like an office where everyone starts to talk about what the boss has been doing ; all these details started coming out .                                               
That ' s a far better measure of fitness for a governing role than whether you can fire up your base .                                                     
" It ' s nice they ' ve asked for the South African girls to be part of it ," she said .                                                   
But it ' s not only news stories about the deaths of famous people that can get repeated for no apparent reason .                                                   
He said the South Metropolitan Health Service was predicted to be more than $ 200 million over budget at the end of this financial year .                                             
I think it makes him feel good to be around everyone too and to just be in a happy environment over obviously where he was .                                             
Whether it ' s with this team or another team , the World Tour is where I want to go .                                                       
He then hit the former secretary of state over her opposition to his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States .                                               
" It meant everything to him , he really loved his mum so much , and having his brother connected to him here was so special ," she said .                                     
At that time , a mother is often hands - on , as the child simply cannot take care of themselves .                                                     
The team will play in San Diego for the 2016 season while looking for a long - term stadium solution .                                                       
" If you ' re in the mining game , you shouldn ' t be picking winners ," he told Fairfax Media .                                                   
It has now gotten to the point where her best chance of survival is to fly home on life support , have the operation here and attempt to recover at home .                                 
They were looking for work of course , but they were looking for something else too : the opportunity to participate and to have a future denied them in the places where they were born .                         
For a moment , I thought she might have had a stroke , but then it occurred to me she was just very , very drunk .                                           
But fighting between the Afghan government and the Taliban will probably continue , as the talks are unlikely to result in a quick political settlement .                                             
An increase in sales to the rest of the UK helped to boost overall exports from Scotland in 2014 , according to official estimates .                                               
It ' s the sort of structure , both in terms of size and design , that you can ' t ignore .                                                   
The voices were chosen from more than 150 people -- including supporters and opponents of Trump -- that CNN reporters interviewed in 31 cities across the country over the past few months and asked about some of the candidate ' s more controversial statements .       
That ' s why , he says , he spoke to Ferguson ' s lawyer in 2009 and took full responsibility for the crime .                                               
A fresh push to explore new areas of the North Sea in recent years led to new fields starting up in 2015 .                                                   
He struggled for years with his gender identity , but didn ' t learn the word transgender until leaving home for university .                                                   
Even some of the doctors I reached out to when I began my research had no idea what I was talking about !                                                   
" I don ' t think we should over - estimate the impact this will have on policy ," he said .                                                     
While European nations have been heavily involved , the U . S . would like to see more direct military contributions - both equipment and training - from Arab and Asian countries .                               
" I hope that the people that get a ball from me will use it to spend quality time with their best friend ," he wrote on Instagram .                                       
It ' s hard enough trying to travel with a boyfriend ( if I ever meet him ), let alone a child .                                                   
I wouldn ' t want anyone to be in the position she ' s in at the moment ," he told the ABC .                                                 
I ' ve always been fairly confident in my own ability to do something , ever since I was young .                                                       
It ' s fair to say there aren ' t many who David Bowie didn ' t influence in one way or another .                                                 
Tom came up with the idea of his label after finishing university in 2013 , despite it being a world away from his degree subject .                                             
Those need to be implemented so that the people who are in need of aid on the ground can get access to it .                                                 
Around Australia , police have mostly praised the behaviour of the large crowds drawn out to ring in the New Year .                                                     
In the US and the UK , doctors have been given guidance on screening pregnant women who have returned from Latin America after contact with the Zika virus .                                       
Many of the images are of his son , Alex , who died aged nine from a condition that he was born with .                                                 
However , the company will be able to keep taxes low by continuing to book advertising deals with UK clients through its international headquarters in Ireland .                                           
The yield on the 10 - year Treasury note fell to 2 . 27 percent from 2 . 30 percent a day earlier .                                                 
No major roads had been closed , he said , and fewer than 1 , 000 of the city ' s power customers had lost electricity in the storm .                                     
Many of these fans didn ' t have a ticket or a chance to watch the match in the stadium , so they stayed on the main square .                                       
There ' s more players on the move , and we ' re two months away from kick - off !                                                       
We know that she ' s spoken to a couple of neighbours and expressed her intention at that time to go out and visit a friend and also to carry out some shopping in the area .                       
In March , having finally made it to a meeting in Brussels , David Cameron ( pictured making his New Year ' s message ) will return claiming a huge victory .                                 
We do lack a little bit of experience playing in England throughout our squad so I know how important my experience is .                                                   
I think Adelaide started very well the game , very bright , you could see they ' re a very confident team at the moment .                                             
But when you are not at your best , to be able to come away with a 70 and keep in touch with the leaders , I ' m happy with that .                               
They ' ve got to open their businesses and they need people to be able to do that ," she said .                                                     
His guilty plea brings the Old Bailey case to a close because he had pleaded guilty to murder at the end of last year .                                               
About three in four Republican primary voters in each state say their minds are mostly made up ; about a quarter could still change their minds .                                           
" It ' s necessary to keep the prison running and to guarantee the security of the people who live around it ," he said .                                             
And it ' s easy to if you caught your first Uber five years ago on holiday in Brooklyn before anyone here had heard of it .                                           
The women ' s personal lives become fair game for defence lawyers to try and find some way to explain why their client had killed , he said .                                       
I would definitely say you have to set your own goals and keep fighting for it , and set the limits yourself , never let anyone else set your limits .                                   
The agency has not yet announced a new plan despite criticism from some lawmakers and residents who feel it is moving too slowly .                                                 
We ' re committed to do as many as we can and we believe that by February 29 we ' ll have all but a handful of the primary recommendations completed and done .                             
Even if she ' s playing with one leg , you ' ve got to really take care of things on your own , because she ' s an incredible player .                                 
We ' re also looking at options to reduce the environmental impact of the billions of plastic shopping bags used each year .                                                   
There was a couple with a child , she was about 11 years old , and he was telling her what to do .                                                 
We as Republicans , if we don ' t like these laws , don ' t like the direction the country ' s going , I think we have to be more than just an opposition party .                     
He told Channel 4 she had called him from Syria ' weeks ago ', having ' brought shame ' on the family .                                                   
If I lose Iowa by two votes and end up with virtually the same number of delegates , is that a must - lose situation ?                                             
No charges were filed immediately in the death of the 31 - year - old woman , who also has a 3 - year - old daughter , but a grand jury could review the case .                       
She immediately broke off her engagement and declared her love again for the man who had come back from the dead .                                                     
Today , when i see that I ' m very happy -- of course , there are still problems -- but the way they live today , is fantastic .                                     
This is a tourist area of the city and we already know that some tourists are involved in this incident .                                                       
The main bill allowing the referendum to take place passed before Christmas , but many MPs believe the clock should start from when the referendum date is set .                                       
She ' s worked with Clinton since 1997 , serving as a deputy campaign manager in the 2000 Senate campaign , her policy director in the Senate and during the 2008 presidential campaign .                             
A British man who has written hundreds of letters to a US killer on death row is to visit him on his execution day .                                               
As long as I keep on playing and doing all that stuff it ' s not going to go away faster .                                                     
I know my dog , I know my partner and he ' s not going to let them get the best of him .                                                 
The federal officials who drew up the guidelines sought to focus attention less on the advice on any specific foods than on the overall healthy patterns that they are seeking to encourage .                               
It had previously not been clear whether MPs would have to leave the Cabinet in order to campaign for so - called " Brexit " - because the Government ' s official position is to remain in the EU .                   
A man has been charged with trying to escape from a prison van in an alleged plot during which another man was shot dead by police .                                           
It could be another 15 years before another children ' s book wins the Costa award - but it ' s a step in the right direction and will lead to more awareness .                             
It must have been taken while we were there , but it was the first time I ' d seen it .                                                     
A married man has admitted sending his brother to give a DNA sample in a bid to avoid child maintenance payments to the woman he was having an affair with .                                   
Even those closest to the process don ' t know which team will win the right to move to the country ' s second - largest market .                                         
" You don ' t want to participate any more , is that true ?" he asks Joe on the phone .                                                     
Miss Walker and Mr Smith were due to be married at Christmas 2016 and her mum added : ' The funeral is going to be really hard but we want to give them a good send off .                       
The fight against corruption in sport has spread to the W - League this season , with Canberra United players having their mobile phones locked in a metal box at games to protect the game from potential illegal activity .                 
The U . N . is urging the sides in Syria ' s five - year - conflict to the negotiating table on Jan .                                               
14 , 2014 , he stated he was not in any way associated with a terrorist organization and that he had never received any weapons training , which was not true , the complaint said .                         
" Sir , I can and will be of any service that I can to help the country out ," he wrote .                                                   
" I ' d love for people to see what I did and I hope that will happen ," she said .                                                     
He adds : " That ' s what the Prime Minister understands , and the vast majority of the party as well , regardless of their views on Europe .                                       
' Some people would be surprised to learn they might have what it takes ,' Brian Kelly , director of flight operations at Johnson Space Centre , said .                                       
There is no immediate threat to lives or homes at this stage , however people are urged to remain alert in case the situation changes .                                             
" This is the lie that Ted ' s campaign is built on -- that he ' s the most conservative guy ," Rubio said at Thursday ' s debate .                                   
The community about 75 miles north of Detroit , has about 100 , 000 residents , with about 40 percent of them living below the poverty line .                                         
But again , based on what we know from the Department of Justice , it does not seem to be headed in that direction .                                               
He said E . On customers could wait for the small reduction in their bill or shop around and save more than £ 300 a year .                                           
I can ' t thank the person who set up this fundraising page enough , it ' s amazing what they ' ve done .                                               
If I ' m playing well again [ this ] year you ' d be crazy not to look at either Europe or Japan .                                               
William didn ' t die overnight ; his parents had been taking him to the doctor for three whole months .                                                       
It can be better to travel than to arrive - and that ' s what eating on trains is all about .                                                     
But if you don ' t really believe that , trust me , your kid is going to catch on , and fast .                                                 
I would give anything to be rid of it , it is the biggest mistake of my life ,' he said .                                                     
The club said the official memorial area was elsewhere on the site and it does not know how the mistake happened .                                                     
They include breast cancer , with research finding that one glass of wine a day can raise a woman ' s risk by 13 per cent .                                           
When you ' re inside , you want to feel that the building is just the frame or the background to your experience of the landscape .                                           
All that we do know is that the 14 - year - old who had been his first serious girlfriend was murdered .                                                   
I ' ve got a group of guys here , players who just won a football game ," he said .                                                       
The family firm is known across the city for its success in helping Iraqi civilians win millions of pounds in compensation from the Ministry of Defence .                                           
The first estimate of gross domestic product ( GDP ) for the final quarter of 2015 is due to be published later .                                                   
It has now entered a " bear market ," having fallen 20 % from its record high in April last year .                                                     
Google ' s annual transparency reports only provide statistics - such as how many requests for a ban were made by a country , and how many of them were accepted .                                 
In the most recent case , the bus carrying 20 passengers left Los Angeles at 11 : 30 p . m .                                                     
On a daily , or a couple of days , yes , it could hit that level , but we don ' t expect that to be sustained because the impact on production would become significant very quickly .                   
It the first time the UK guidelines have been updated since 1995 - although Scotland has updated its guidance more recently .                                                     
A US president must also be 35 years of age or older and have lived in the US for the past 14 years .                                                 
Kim Little has all the weapons needed to hurt the opposition , and the Scottish international did just that as she inspired Melbourne City to a 4 - 1 win in the W - League grand final on Sunday .                 
' I was actually surprised that he got as long as he did - I thought he might get three or four years but no I ' m very pleased and surprised by what he has got .                     
Britain has invested £ 1 . 25 billion in wind power , which is now the country ' s biggest renewable energy source .                                                 
I predict ( the Fed ) will not be raising rates in the next few meetings - and maybe not in the first half of the year .                                         
Speaking to a friend of her son earlier this week , she also said : ' I almost wish I haven ' t won it because it ' s taken my life away .                               
Britain ' s economic stability will be put at risk if it votes to leave the EU , the Governor of the Bank of England claimed yesterday .                                         
They make a bigger commitment of giving up their day in the summer to go vote for you at an event .                                                     
Trump is up in Florida and Georgia , while Ted Cruz leads him in Cruz ' s home state of Texas .                                                     
Some software I was responsible for at my previous job failed - I don ' t remember what it was , but the damage was worth more than $ 5 , 000 at the time .                         
This year ' s Academy Awards , which are being hosted by Chris Rock , will be held on February 28 in Los Angeles .                                               
It was only when she had a conversation with a colleague that she found out she did not have to pay for a current account in the UK , but the bank had never mentioned its free options .                   
It ' s a long time , but that doesn ' t change the fact that it ' s family and he ' s the only family I have .                                     
As a young kid , why would you ever want to come to a program or a place where nobody comes to the game ?                                               
It ' s my understanding that the government has done all that they can do and they ' ve just not been successful .                                                 
" Cabinet ministers are picked by the PM of the day , this is Malcolm Turnbull ' s choice to be a member of his Cabinet , he needs to front up to Australians and explain what the thinks of the behaviour ," she said .     
As this region has struggled over the past few years , I view it as an opportunity to gain exposure at reduced price .                                                 
It was a punishment carried out by experts in violence , and it had been ordered by someone he knew .                                                       
A mother accused of taking her son to join the so - called Islamic State ( IS ) says in court she " made a mistake " when she fled to Syria .                               
They did a great job of advertising this game and it was really loud in here , in the last two minutes we had no idea what the coach was saying .                                 
If I wasn ' t married , and you were single , and there was no risk of you thinking I am a little bit crazy , I would like to tell you what an impact you had on me that day .           
So I look into this current West Indian team and I ask myself , who is the person within the team and management , who is prepared to put their career on the line ?                           
If the experienced guys can put up their hands in big moments , it ' s a massive bonus for the team .                                                   
He can bring the ball out of the back half , but at the same time he has the right mix of being able to do a really good defensive job on the other team ' s best small forward .               
" It took me about 20 minutes each time to look at the views and commit them to memory ," he said .                                                   
He also spoke at length about the development of Russell , the team ' s rookie guard taken with the second overall pick in June ' s NBA draft .                                     
They say the summer migrant crisis generated widespread media coverage but did not in the end trigger the financial help they hoped for from the government .                                           
It ' s an event or it is a phenomenon worldwide which is not just a UK issue , it ' s a worldwide issue ," Lord Rose told BBC Radio 4 " s Today programme .                       
But in a sign that the U . S . economy is hanging tough , job growth last month was broad - based .                                                 
The people who came to our shop used to be young men but now we have a lot of female customers and older people too .                                             
' When I was 18 , I didn ' t know what I was doing it was and one more worry to make life impossible ,' he admitted .                                       
I thought it must be a wind - up , because this kind of stuff doesn ' t really happen .                                                       
The move cost Americans almost 3 , 000 jobs -- jobs that cost the struggling California economy millions of dollars in wages , taxes and potential consumer spending .                                       
Your needs are important , and anyone who offers their time to meet them - whether it is your teacher or another friend - is offering a real gift .                                     
How can women have any hope for the future if one of our cultural institutions cannot get past what women wore while in political office .                                             
Three men and six women were taken to St Thomas ' s Hospital with minor injuries , and two men with back pain and a woman with an ankle injury were taken to King ' s College Hospital .                   
Meanwhile , about 40 per cent now say IS reflects their views and interests : a 400 per cent increase since June .                                                   
They also had an even higher chance of having it at hospitals where at least five doctors at the hospital had been trained how to do it .                                         
Once team members discovered they were a similar distance from the Earth - about 100 light - years - they compared the motion of the two through space and realised they were moving together .                           
What we do know is that the signal for this second population which has come into Europe is strongest in North East Africa .                                                 
I think you should be learning about those things from the age of 15 , 16 , 17 years old and be warned about it .                                             
In fact , the low fat diet has contributed to the increased rates of obesity and type two diabetes over the last 30 years .                                               
Not only that , according to Mr Brown , in the eight years since it has been established , the city ' s night - time economy has improved .                                     
It ' s a pub ; there are still a couple of hours of drinking time left before it has to close .                                                   
It is a clear sign to everyone that we are asylum seekers , and here they don ' t like that .                                                     
We brought them up ourselves and they knew the farm and when you buy new stock it takes a lot of work .                                                   
For example , putting fresh fruit and vegetables at the start of the school lunch choices has made it easier for children to pick a healthy school lunch .                                       
I was in the front row and I was the only child in that class from a Jewish background but I didn ' t look Jewish .                                           
Netflix ' s decline in profit reflects the fact that Netflix has been spending heavily on new shows to expand its service .                                                   
It was one of the only things I ' ve ever done where I had no knowledge of it , I didn ' t care about it , I didn ' t think about it .                         
They have a lot of good ideas and we share a lot of the same values ," Clinton said with Sanders sitting at a dinner table nearby .                                         
British soldiers had been acting on information given to them that up to 15 armed men had been seen entering a property in the port .                                             
The plea deal with Billy Brown and his son calls for those charges to be dismissed , the newspaper reported .                                                       
We don ' t know anything about the amount of aid or what there will be , if there is milk for the children or other important things .                                       
It ' s really quite normal for this time of the year but a contrast to what we have had .                                                       
After her hospital stay ended , she was still on bed rest with strict orders from the doctor to avoid physical activity .                                                   
We must rise above the idea of winning or losing " love " by understanding more about who we are .                                                       
He has said the group will leave when there is a plan to transfer control of federal land to locals .                                                       
It may be that Obama ' s life insurance policy , if a president can get such a thing , requires him to wear it .                                             
It ' s a great way to start the new season winning against two of the best players in the world without a doubt , and playing at the right level - I played a good level of tennis and I ' m happy for that .   
I mean I didn ' t know it was going to be quite that long , but she made a beautiful -- you know , she made a very good speech .                                 
" I ' m pleased with the performance over Christmas but Christmas is just one trading period and we go on from there ," he said .                                           
Bernie Sanders ' presidential campaign drew in over $ 33 million in the final fundraising quarter of 2015 , entering the new year with $ 28 . 4 million cash - on - hand .                           
And so he ' s always in fear of the slow walk because he knows that means I ' ve got a lot to say .                                             
" A few weeks ago , everyone in the field was attacking Donald Trump ," Cruz said time and time again across northern Iowa , barely containing his smile .                                     
China renewed its orange alert , its second most serious weather warning on Sunday , state news agency Xinhua said Monday , with at least four deaths reported .                                       
For me it ' s just staying in the present , enjoying what I ' m doing and making sure I ' m making the kind of improvements and moves forward that I want to .                         
They are looking for the destruction of a 17 - year - old boy simply because they didn ' t agree with his opinion .                                               
But I think when we get close to finishing shooting our next season , it ' s really going to start to be pretty emotional .                                             
The findings support earlier studies of the effects of the Brady Law , which found that gun background checks and waiting periods significantly reduced suicide in the older population .                                     
That maybe it is time that we recognize of we love , respect and acknowledge ourselves in the way we are asking others to do , then that that is the place of true power .                         
" You have have some fantastic views of the city , you ' re not far from Sky High and other beautiful restaurants , and walking distance to everything else in the area ," she said .                       
When you get to this part of the season where there isn ' t many games to go and it ' s such a tight race every game counts .                                     
I only know the progress from the beginning where we went a couple of games when we didn ' t even have a shot .                                               
' He basically said you ' ve done a good job and gave us £ 2 , 000 each in cash ,' she said .                                               
The rules ensure women can be elected into positions of authority where men make up a majority of the members .                                                       
The top - ranked Djokovic has now beaten Murray in four of the five finals he ' s lost at the Australian Open .                                                 
Maybe try telling your kids that next New Year ' s Eve will feature a lovely little light show instead .                                                       
It ' s about time they told us so we can have a proper debate on the facts , not in fantasy - land .                                               
Watson pointed to forecasts that predict increasing cuts in production by non - OPEC nations could restore the market to balance this year .                                                 
A lot of the phone calls you get [ from agents looking to move or offer players ] are a waste of time .                                                 
There are no tower blocks here , but more street - like forms that are in some ways better than ordinary streets .                                                   
' In the end I was eating a lot more food but it was the right sorts of food ,' he said .                                                   
She said : ' I knew what could happen to my son if he was sent to the wrong school and got in with the wrong crowd .                                           
He had already been jailed for seven years in 1993 and a further 14 years in 2004 for offences committed at St William ' s .                                             
You won ' t hear any of this talk during the GOP debates , but Obama remains popular among Democratic primary voters .                                                   
Northern Ireland ' s first minister has said she will fully implement proposals for a scheme to help those who will lose money due to welfare reforms .                                         
At this point , though , only the Rams have a firm commitment of public money to stay in St . Louis .                                                   
In spending some time with her in person , I also found a mother and a grandmother who truly heard me , and understood the depth of my loss .                                     
" You know , the Republicans are going to continue to use it , beat up on me ," she said .                                                     
I think he is a group 1 horse and if he could get one in the autumn I would love to take him over for a race like the July Cup .                                 
I guess if I ' d been a white female I would have moved faster , and if I ' d been a white male I would have moved twice as fast .                               
If you want a more competitive Europe , where the single market is completed , where there are more trade deals and fewer regulations , join me in making that case .                                 
We were running out of men out there , so I feel like toward the end , we started wearing down a little bit .                                               
Now , however , scientists say drinking a strong coffee in the morning can deliver a much needed boost without setting the heart racing .                                               
Also Stephen working with a young player who ' s really in touch with core part of the group will benefit .                                                     
Clinton is expected to hit the campaign trail for his wife over the next week , with events scheduled for the first - in - the - nation primary state of New Hampshire .                             
The law firm claims the reforms breach a 50 - year - old trust document , said to guarantee the character of the club .                                               
The two men were arrested at the bar and taken to Day Street Police Station in the city , where they were being questioned over the incident early on Tuesday morning .                                 
So , all in all , it ' s probably not the sort of place you would expect to find a food bank .                                                 
She played four games at the World Cup and was limited to 11 games and just four starts in 2015 because of an ankle injury .                                             
In real life , you ' d be losing sleep week in and week out , so we don ' t know whether catch - up sleep can give you this kind of risk improvement in that context .                   
As a result , Kerry said Iran went from being able to develop a bomb in two to three months to nine months overnight .                                               
We ' re in a good place , which I ' m happy to say because it took a very long time after the show to get there again .                                     
While police did not go into details of the symbol , the image mostly closely linked to IS is the group ' s black flag .                                             
I thought I played really well considering ( the situation ) and caught sort of a second wind in the third set .                                                   
The court heard he gave the girl and a friend who accompanied her £ 60 each in cash , which Richard insisted was a ' gift ' and not payment .                                   
She would like it to be known that the way she sees her success , and the way the public does , are two entirely different things .                                         
Washington which is leading a coalition fight against the Islamist extremists has called for " diplomatic engagement " to reduce tensions in the region .                                               
With the view of deciding whether they could make a life for themselves in India they go house hunting and take advantage of local medical services .                                           
But other countries that have admitted large numbers of asylum seekers , she argues , haven ' t had the same problems .                                                   
As a starting point , it ' s worth considering what an ideal open relationship might look like for you and your partner .                                                 
The average rate is $ 60 a night , but prices can go above $ 100 -- a price that some critics say keeps them out of reach for too many .                                 
He isn ' t angry , but frustrated , and the Texas presidential candidate just doesn ' t get it , he said .                                                 
" I can ' t force anyone to leave but if they want to play football I ' m not going to stand in their way ," he said .                                     
David is the type of person - if you did find a way to love him - he is one who will always be in your heart .                                         
She said I ' d had a character change at the age of two , and that after that she didn ' t like me much .                                           
What everybody has said to me in the places I have visited up and down the country is that something has changed and that they have never seen anything like this and we need to think about what that means .               
Its customers spent more , the company raised annual fees on its cards and earned more interest income on customers keeping a balance on their cards .                                           
It ' s not in my control [ to start ], but regardless , I ' m going to feel frustrated or happy or whatever it may be .                                       
The 29 - year - old Beijing resident grew up with her younger brother , whom their parents had to pay a fine to keep back in the 1980s .                                     
Deputy director - general of arts , business , events , sport and tourism , Jeff House , said the government was ready to act if anything changed .                                       
And that ' s exactly what he did as I sat down for my interview with him in December for Radio 4 ' s Today programme .                                           
I can ' t remember exactly what they said to me - they just made me realise that I was in completely safe hands .                                               
The San Jose Fire Department said five of those wounded suffered life - threatening injuries and were taken to local trauma centers .                                                   
Don ' t get me wrong , I wouldn ' t change it , but ... also I have a lot of respect for her as player .                                         
It is suggested that the accounts are not to be believed because the children report sexual activity with a dog and other animals .                                                 
A major question mark remains over the stance that Theresa May , the Home Secretary , will take over EU membership , although friends expect her to support the Prime Minister .                                 
At one stage he said he was going to pay it back but it must have been clear that he was never going to be able to pay it back and so came the reports of the robbery .                   
Since arriving in the country , the intelligence the women have received has helped British , US and French forces target the terror network ' s leaders in air strikes by drones and jets .                           
Here are some of the things you can do in 2016 to help avoid the living hell of identity theft and other identity - related crimes .                                           
As the presidential candidates enter 2016 and step up the action in the long primary contest , let ' s take a quick look back at what you might have missed during your holiday break .                         
It ' s not to protect our borders or to save our own families , but we asked young people to fly over to the other side of the world , to do what ?                           
If these practical issues cannot be addressed it can lead to a multiple birth parent having difficulty leaving the house and feeling isolated and alone .                                             
" I hope the prosecutors will see that , because I don ' t want to go to prison ," he said .                                                   
And that ' s why we ' re going to invest $ 500 million to expand access to treatment across the country .                                                   
The victims are a woman whose vehicle was disabled on the side of the road and three people helping her .                                                       
The question is , will this year of new starts for both of them also be the beginning of a lasting love ?                                                   
The global price of oil has fallen by more than two thirds since mid - 2014 to under $ 28 a barrel .                                                   
The CBS News investigation drew a strong reaction on social media , with many veterans taking to Facebook to voice their frustration .                                                   
We have the ultimate duty of care to the children we lock up , he says , and we are currently failing them .                                                 
There is no way to feel joy from the fact that i am not playing , and they are paying me good money amid all that is happening in Greece .                                   
' I heard the police helicopter and didn ' t think anything of it , but ten minutes later it was still hanging about ,' he said .                                         
I never like to have a big game like this be down with all the guests who come in here every day .                                                   
We had three days of practice preparing for what they were going to do , we knew exactly what they were going to come out and do ," he said .                                   
The other crowd was so fired up they only sat down after the candidate had been talking for some minutes .                                                       
He could go and get them 16 goals or 17 goals from now until the end of the season if he went on a run and he could turn the club around .                               
By allowing them to take longer steps , it also helps to reduce their energy costs when they go faster .                                                       
What we need now is our friends and allies to help us build the institutions to start to build the country in the right way .                                             
' I ' m so wanted , and that ' s something that I think a lot of kids can ' t say for certain .                                             
Google is not the only one to tackle concerns that the nature of yards and neighborhoods will make drone delivery difficult .                                                     
It was clearly an ancient animal , I would say easily over 100 years old , and so its death does not come as any real great surprise .                                       
On a regional level , every region in Britain saw growth income slow in the final three months of last year .                                                     
There has not been a major terror attack in London for more than two years but we remain near the top of the IS target list .                                           
Some Republicans also went with a wait - and - see strategy when it comes to Bloomberg entering the race .                                                       
The Independent requested a comment from the Home Secretary ' s office but did not hear back in time for publication .                                                     
More than 10 , 000 migrant children may have disappeared after arriving in Europe over the past two years , the EU ' s police intelligence unit says .                                       
" All nations , particularly those who seek a global leadership role , or have a global leadership role , have a responsibility to deal with this threat ," he said , referring to China .                         
That ' s all we talked about , and stay into his body on the shots , try to make him lose his balance .                                               
But this new , large - scale study , involving 45 researchers from 13 different countries , attempts to put the European temperatures experienced in the past three decades into an even broader context .                           
The Afghan reporters recognized the voice threatening them with death on the Islamic State group ' s local radio station .                                                       
' It could be an 18 - year - old guy who says he ' s surprised by the interest some Norwegian girls are showing in him .                                         
The review , which is due to report in April , is looking at ways to speed up the introduction of innovative drugs that show promise into the NHS .                                     
But as you walk through the streets of London it is hard to shake off the feeling that some people aren ' t playing fair - either outside or inside the law .                               
The Italian authorities are considered to be very aggressive , and companies facing the prospect of a long drawn out Italian court cases often prefer to settle .                                         
It can improve older people ' s quality of life and provide that extra bit of support which may help prevent , or delay the need for more formal care .                                   
However , even if a quick deal could be struck , neither man is match - fit as both have fallen out of favour at their clubs .                                         
" To make a difference we have to slow people down , make them overnight visitors not day visitors ," Ms Price said .                                                 
And I ' m proud to be part of the ACT Labor team , which has a true vision for Canberra ' s future .                                               
" Now the drivers feel it ' s time to implement the extra protection at the latest in 2017 ," he told the BBC .                                               
' She is now going out and living life to the full ,' said her son , Chris , 44 .                                                       
And as Fairfax Media revealed on Monday , Mr Abbott flew to the US this week to address a conservative Christian group on the importance of the traditional family and the institution of marriage .                           
The page , which has since been suspended , carried a photo of Vladimir Putin and announced its support for Bashar al - Assad ' s Syrian regime .                                       
Colombia has the second highest infection rate , with more than 13 , 500 people infected with the virus and the disease could hit as many as 700 , 000 , its health minister said .                         
Sometimes I ' ll be in a club , and someone says something and I think , that would be a sick line , and I get my phone out .                                   
And he was not a very conservative person , but he was pretty conservative and he ended up being a great president ," Trump said .                                             
They will do their best and do now have training in how to deal with vulnerable people , but they are not best placed to do that .                                         
" It was absolutely amazing to hear directly from her - I was lost for words that such a big - name writer was getting in touch wanting to help ," she said .                             
He said he had taken pre - law classes and knew what police could and couldn ' t do to him .                                                     
It is not right that people who pay a large amount for season tickets should feel the need to sit somewhere like this .                                                 
Also , though kids may feel safe enough to share sensitive or painful things they might not otherwise , they often don ' t get the necessary support or help -- and may get attacked .                         
And i am not one of this players looking for a conflict , this is a well known fact , but in this case the opposite happened , for which i am sorry .                             
" It ' s been a week without snow , so we ' ll take advantage of the last day ," a man said .                                               
That ' s the sort of quality we need if we ' re looking at not just getting out of Division Two , but competing in Division One and ultimately winning Division One , and I think he ' s got the skills to take us there . 
I was only 21 , but lots of our older guys had worked with him in the national set - up .                                                     
In fact , we believe that your attitude and who you are as a person is much more important than any mark on a test .                                             
But now that it ' s over , I want the story to be told that they never really considered us a partner in the sense of what the term ' partner ' means .                           
It ' s kind of unfair for the bigger guys who work hard and play well to not have the same type of shot .                                               
A woman who killed one of her babies is seeking to see one of her other children on their first day of school .                                                 
First lady Michelle Obama places a rose into a crack of remains of the Berlin Wall during her visit at the Berlin Wall memorial in Berlin , Germany , June 19 , 2013 .                             
It ' s been 14 games since he was dropped to second string , but Scott likes what the rookie has done .                                                   
She said the suspects were ' foreign - looking men ' but refused to give more detail , saying that the investigations were continuing .                                               
But the truth is , he shouldn ' t be controversial because what he ' s doing is right ... it ' s common sense .                                             
' The Star Wars cast and crew want to keep the mystery up though and don ' t want to confirm on record that it is him in the mind control scene .                               
I ' m still a student of the game , it ' s always going to be a learning process that I enjoy .                                                 
You can pick any match that you like that the top player lost and just create a story out of it .                                                     
I thought kitchen staff couldn ' t participate in the tip pool because they do not provide direct table service ?                                                       
" How would you describe our magazine ' s readers ?" wasn ' t the sort of question I had been asked before .                                                 
After being released from prison last February , the man had just won the right from the Department of Human Services to start seeing his kids again .                                         
It is believed the vehicle rolled back onto him , leaving him with significant injuries to most of his body .                                                       
I made the comment before that it leads me to a conclusion that for some men , it seems like there is a war on women .                                           
When those guys are fit , we ' ll bring them back and hope they play for the rest of the season .                                                   
We have lots of doctors , teachers working in this country and if you don ' t trust them , that ' s going to create discrimination against them .                                     
And she was also a lovely person , so I think I would have made the effort to travel to see her even if she had been further away .                                     
We ' re creating the space for them to think about what their choices are , because at the end of the day , these guys have to make their own choices .                               
It ' s very important for us that the crowd support us from the first minute , because we need them .                                                     
Tim plans to open a new restaurant there , but it ' s still going to be hard leaving what he knows .                                                   
That ' s what I ' m doing now - I ' m the only one doing this , if everyone is like me , everything will be OK .                                     
If each party continues to defend what they ' ve sold us then I don ' t think they can work together because their ideas are quite different .                                       
The practice would receive an annual budget to keep them well under major reforms to primary health care being considered by the government .                                                 
If your goal is travel , the $ 400 million will get you nearly 18 , 000 trips around the world .                                                     
" If I ' m in the starting 13 on Sunday , I ' ll be over the moon ," he says .                                                   
Some of the new planes will be used to replace smaller , 50 - seat planes operated by the carrier ' s regional airline .                                               
But the vast majority of these people - who typically pay £ 20 a month for cover - would be better off burning the pound notes they spend on insurance in staying warm .                             
Sometimes , a person may not have any symptoms to begin with or they may only develop very slowly over time .                                                     
It ' s OK every once in a while to have a piece of cake , but it ' s important to get back on track , he noted .                                     
" We ' re confident , because of the support that not only the United States is providing , but other countries as well , that the Afghan forces are moving in the right direction ," said Cook .                   
He didn ' t play by anybody else ' s rules , he didn ' t do anything he didn ' t want to do , and he did what he did with 100 % participation , and when he was done , he dropped it .   
He is one way listening , one way not listening , but that ' s the nature and we can ' t push too much .                                             
They added : ' Our customers and crews deserve to enjoy their flights , and not to suffer any form of abuse .                                                     
A New York Police Department spokeswoman said it ' s unclear whether the officer worked for the city or the Port Authority police .                                                 
" They were afraid it gave too much away and I said , " That ' s exactly what you should do .                                                     
The president also published an opinion piece in Thursday ' s New York Times in which he pledged not to support any candidate who is opposed to gun control .                                     
The prosecutor ' s office said the two men already formally charged over the end - of - year plot had been ordered by a court to be detained for another month .                               
John Kerry , the secretary of state , announced this month that the US would expand its refugee programme for the three countries .                                                 
If we all moved on , it would be the equivalent of ten years " worth of government house - building targets .                                                   
As soon as I heard Newcastle were interested in me , there was only one place I wanted to go so I can ' t wait to get started .                                     
But still she demands he drive her after things get physical and she ' s pushed to the ground , she gets into the car and does this .                                       
' They ' re part of this Government ' s commitment to make Britain ' s energy infrastructure fit for the 21st century .                                                 
But it is a group of players that you want to kind of give a head start and get them going and benefit from it a couple of weeks down the road .                               
I didn ' t literally watch the act of giving birth , but it ' s been special watching them grow up .                                                   
He was due on Christmas Eve and decided to make a nice big entrance on New Year ' s Day .                                                       
The world No 1 has dominated the match - up overall too , leading the pair ' s head - to - head matches 21 - 9 and winning 10 of their last 11 meetings .                         
And if you look at who ' s she ' s running against , there ' s no question that is the truth .                                                 
She is a player with huge experience at club and international level , and her reading and understanding of games is fantastic .                                                   
The Government has made reducing violence , including knife crime , a priority and continues to work closely with the police and other organisations to tackle the drivers of these crimes .                                 
Many of the world ' s leading health experts will gather for an emergency meeting in Geneva on Monday to debate a single critical issue : does the outbreak of Zika virus disease in South and Central America represent an international health crisis ?         
They were getting produced by another company out of Chicago , but [ when that fell through ] I came in and convinced them to let me produce it .                                     
" They ' re trying to sort of capture the county ' s political moment and own it for themselves ," he said .                                                 
Williams hit 12 of 25 shots , all 15 of his tries from the line and five of 14 from three - point range .                                               
To mark the second anniversary of her death , Chris decided to buy 100 tennis balls and post them to dog owners .                                                   
We would like to improve the prize - money , of course , and that is something under discussion with all our partners .                                                 
" The American people can ' t afford to wait for ideas that sound good on paper but will never make it in the real world ," she says in a new television ad released Wednesday by her campaign .                 
The best thing for job creation is economic growth , so policies that promote growth are particularly good for the young .                                                     
" We ' re a little worried about some of the bigger companies putting out product that isn ' t quite ready ," he said .                                             
What is happening in my country is very complicated and so many innocent men , women and children have been killed .                                                     
The six rallies are set to take place in cities including Sydney and Newcastle in NSW , Melbourne , Adelaide , Brisbane and Perth .                                               
That ' d be a big problem ," Trump said in an interview when asked about it , the Washington Post reported .                                                   
She described the moment she and her friends were surrounded , then assaulted by a group of 20 to 30 men .                                                     
But research shows that just one glass of wine a day raises a woman ' s risk of breast cancer by 13 per cent .                                               
By and large , it is Muslims who are most affected by the actions of terrorists , and therefore are the ones with the most at stake .                                         
But their relationship developed when Taylor moved into Miss Davies ' flat at the end of 2014 and in early 2015 , the pair became boyfriend and girlfriend .                                       
The hunt for the animals ' owners has spread to the NSW south coast where they are believed to be staying .                                                     
" It was a joy having the play produced in Manchester , but I ' m a London girl ," says Jordan .                                                   
Almost 30 school children have had to be evacuated from a bus after it became stuck in flood water near York .                                                     
The State Department is under court order to release the 55 , 000 emails that Clinton submitted to her former agency that were on her private server and were not personal .                                 
I ' m worried it could turn out bad for them if I try too hard to get in touch , make too many waves .                                             
While Abbott keeps mum about his future , his office promises that , once a decision is taken , it won ' t be secret for long .                                         
" It can be argued that the way these buildings were designed led to problems of crime ," says Walker .                                                       
I definitely think British Muslims are suffering because of it , you hear all the time about people being targeted .                                                       
It is a modest way of us getting started on improving the prospects of young men and young women like you the same way we try to improve all the other aspects of our lives .                         
The index fell to 3 in December from November ' s 5 reading , while the business conditions index fell to 7 from 10 , according to the survey .                                     
And with a growing following of more than 45 , 000 people on Facebook , awareness of their work is on the rise .                                                 
Iowa is close to a must - win for the Texas senator in his battle with businessman - turned - reality - television - star Donald Trump .                                         
The main problems cited were " soft " net exports and inflation that continued to run below the Fed ' s 2 % annual target .                                             
But the benefits from the talent search were not just limited to the possibility of playing in the Women ' s AFL .                                                   
Any time that you come in toward the end of the year close to flat you always want a little bit more .                                                   
In terms of whether equality would be good for the economy , 76 per cent agreed against 71 per cent for men .                                                   
And the whole thing was shot in Queensland , ending the argument that many television producers make that there ' s not enough experienced crew here to make television .                                     
If I could have sex again ... after all , I ' m 100 ( years ) and 6 months old .                                                     
It comes as no surprise then that many Bowie fans are turning to social media to share their favourite lines from the late singer ' s songs .                                         
Even in states where the public could participate in some fashion , there was no way for voters to tell delegates which candidate to support .                                             
He wasn ' t formally identified by government officials until Thursday , though his supporters had confirmed his death to the media .                                                   
I drove to the hotel and told my mother she wouldn ' t be seeing them , or me , ever again .                                                   
Now that it has happened again , I can ' t see people being keen to buy in these roads again for a good long time , if ever ," he said .                               
Several restaurants have opened up along the beach front in recent years , and people would have been sitting out in front of them when the attacks began .                                       
Mr Carter said : ' We have got to the 14 - day stage after the draw now , when we release the area .                                                 
But Christie said on " State of the Union " that Bloomberg would come under new scrutiny if he were to become a candidate .                                               
This past summer , every half hour he and two other soldiers conducted every single guard change for a full 24 hours .                                                   
Such conditions have led to a busy fire season across southern Australia with a couple of months of summer still to run .                                                   
" I did think about closing it forever but , I don ' t know , I feel like I ' d be letting myself down ," she says .                                     
Most of us are comfortable with the idea that a modern workplace requires us to occasionally pitch in out of hours .                                                     
He ' s a winner and every time I see him play I think he ' d die for the team , he gives it everything he ' s got .                                   
That the most notorious piece of government legislation in years had been found to be illegal by the courts was not a matter Mr Duncan - Smith felt it was his business to answer .                           
When you take over a side that has lost one of its previous nine games , scoring 36 goals in the process , there isn ' t much need to .                                   
The judge also ordered him to complete an alcohol - awareness course and 12 hours of alcohol - related community service by June 19 .                                               
Jeremy Corbyn pressed David Cameron over the tax settlement with Google , asking him to dispute the figure of a 3 % tax rate for the company in the UK .                                   
And she talks about how , for a long time before her discovery , she didn ' t believe in fate , only in chance .                                             
" And if the 90 percent of Americans who do support common - sense gun reforms join me , we will elect the leadership we deserve ," he wrote .                                     
It is hard to imagine that this time last year , the Labour party had high hopes of returning to government .                                                     
The survey also showed that in the final month of the year , private sector firms added new jobs at the fastest rate since May 2011 .                                           
Austria announced on Wednesday that it planned to limit the number of people allowed to apply for asylum to 1 . 5 % of its population over the next four years .                                 
" No parent ever wants to get the news about their child dying at the hands of a violent incident ," she said .                                                 
In the year up to April 2015 , two out of three people who used e - cigarettes in combination with the NHS stop smoking service managed to successfully quit .                                   
He gives a good feeling to the team when he ' s in the starting line - up so that ' s important .                                                 
So it looks like food prices , particularly some of the fresh food products that are involved in export markets , will continue to rise for domestic consumers .                                       
Last month , Hillary was challenged at a town hall meeting in New Hampshire by a woman who asked her directly about three women who have made historic allegations about her husband .                               
He became famous late in life , once saying : " When I was a young man , I was told success had to come in my youth .                                         
With the Lakers trying to find balance between celebrating Bryant ' s final season and developing the team ' s prospects , has Bryant gone soft ?                                           
The victim had recently returned from spending Christmas with one of her sons in England and was said to have led an active life , with lots of friends .                                     
' I think we are talking about a very small handful of people who probably don ' t like anything to change but this is change for the better and for the greater good .                           
After a long battle and extensive media exposure the family received the government funding they needed to keep the brothers at home .                                                   
I am playing well now , I don ' t work to be back , I work to be better than what I was two , three , five months ago .                                 
It ' s very , very disappointing , I feel for the families and it is something that should just not have happened .                                                 
But now , to be able to stand there and open my mouth in front of others , as adults , and let a sound come out .                                         
In light of these findings , here is everything you need to know about the condition in men under 40 .                                                       
He will also press world leaders to take more steps to fight climate change during a summit in China in the fall .                                                   
She said the study required researchers to spend a long time in the area in order to learn where all the households were located .                                               
He said the aim in Syria would be to work towards a new constitution : " It is a complicated process .                                                       
I probably drink too much I ' ve decided to take it in hand , and for the first time I ' m doing a dry January .                                         
He said it was the only way they were able to afford to ship the famous items to the city from around the world .                                               
These three seats will be filled by women and people of color , and the changes will take place in February .                                                     
It ' s just two people doing this thing and it probably feels more similar to most people ' s sexual activity than the stuff that they normally see in movies .                                 
We begin tonight with a major storm on the way in some places more than two feet it ' s no .                                                     
She told The Telegraph : ' It ' s just so hard - in fact , " hard " isn ' t a strong enough word .                                               
It just might be that they ' ve got some good tactics , it just might be that their coach is coaching well , they might actually just be playing well .                                 
Our fourth and youngest son , poor boy , has to spend roughly a quarter of his wages as a teaching assistant on getting to the school and home .                                     
The book is full of complaints - mostly from recent migrants themselves - about the way London has changed so rapidly .                                                     
While it was a clear , calm night , the man was in a very tight position with little room to move .                                                   
But few of the people buying or selling in 1996 could have predicted the huge financial impact their decisions would have on the rest of their lives .                                         
She said warnings from both Labour and the electoral commission about a fall in student registration had so far been ignored but it was not too late to put it right .                                 
She added : ' He wanted to be with her and he really did not like being in the care home .                                                       
An alternative would be to hold it in September , but June would have the advantage of coming ahead of a possible summer migration crisis , which could help the out campaign .                               
As to whether the current leader can win , I throw that to the audience and ask them not who they want to win the next election but who they think can win it .                           
" Whether you ' ve never tried a new language or dropped out of a language study in secondary school - which is the point where most people stop learning a language - there are lots of options available ," she said .           
He is considered a rising young star of the domestic scene and was the target of a failed United bid in the summer .                                                 
As part of the free NHS health checks for 40 to 74 - year - olds , people get advice and information to help them to cut down if they need to .                               
It said that while staff , some of them senior , were aware of his sexual behaviour , they were scared to report it to managers .                                           
There ' s widespread anger that too many immigrants are simply " getting away " with not playing by the rules at the expense of hard - working white Americans .                                   
When I was big I wouldn ' t even go into a bar on my own but I don ' t mind now .                                                 
Last year , he appeared to strain the relationship further when Putin shared his hard line views on gay rights with Ms Merkel .                                                 
And sure , government can help you access your insurance money more quickly - but that won ' t buy you back your wedding photos .                                             
Mr Simpson - Kent has not been seen since 16 December when officers spoke to him at the family home .                                                       
" If I could have put it onto the boat or anywhere else , I would have done it ," he said .                                                   
On Thursday , the president will participate in a town hall on CNN that ' s focused on gun violence .                                                       
For you those are the best moments , and I think for the audience too because then they are taken along !                                                     
You ' re expecting some choice words about ride quality here , but that ' s not it at all .                                                       
I know Tony Hall well enough to know that he is indeed serious about a commitment to the arts on TV .                                                     
When they asked for the things they had been promised , they were told they had to pay off their £ 800 debt first .                                               
It now expects to earn between 39 cents and 41 cents per share in the third quarter ending in January , up from a previous range of 27 cents to 29 cents per share .                           
Oil and gas is a crucial sector , not just for the North East of Scotland but for the whole of the UK .                                                 
The only criticism I had with the film is at the end when they did the space walking because that is what I am most familiar with .                                         
It is very sad that she uses the children to get more money from Charlie and makes it almost impossible for Charlie to see his daughters .                                           
She wants to get back to normal as soon as possible , but I won ' t ever be able to forget how she looked that day she was lying in hospital .                               
I saw he played great , which , number one , he ' s got to make sure that the game is there , and , number two , obviously his attitude has got to follow .                       
If he goes , then United must act now , because transfer deals are set up months before the window even opens .                                                   
Under the law , it will be up to employers to prove a man ' s higher pay is based on factors other than gender .                                             
In his post on the BBC ' Academy ' page , which provides training material from industry professionals , Mr Alexander wrote about how the moment was stage - managed .                                   
When they repeatedly tell us that we ' re the most beautiful woman they ' ve ever met and how they want to spend the rest of their lives with us ?                                 
It still feels not long enough sometimes , especially when a patient has such long and complex list of problems .                                                       
" In the US , they add the costs up and those who buy pay them off over time , so the property price is lower but the [ holding cost ] is higher ," he said .                     
A quarter of all foreign students - and half of those from India and China - end up being granted permanent residence .                                                   
If someone supports Islamic State , a terrorist organisation , that for me is terrorist and extremist behaviour , and I report it .                                                 
And perhaps also work harder at being kind to others and creating new support networks to replace the traditional ones , now lost .                                                 
The woman ' s death brings the road toll for this year to 14 , two fewer than at the same time in 2015 .                                               
That is , a non - executive president - not the US kind - nominated by the Prime Minister , and formally elected by a joint sitting of both houses of Parliament .                               
I was younger than him [ by 15 years ], but even so I ' ve been left [ on my own ] younger than I thought I ' d be .                                 
It may be that this was an unprecedented moment of fear in modern UK history - one of the few times people have fled ( if they were wealthy enough ) from London to Paris , rather than the other way round .           
It is easier to register to vote in Oregon , but there is another step to take at the polls in North Carolina .                                                 
' We ' re very aware that she ' s the one who didn ' t take the insurance and we can ' t blame anybody for that .                                       
" It ' s coming down at a really amazing rate , 2 - 3 inches an hour at some places ," he said .                                               
I always said I wanted to finish something the way I started on the field , so a lot of those situations are out of my control , but I ' m not giving up .                         
But several analysts said Iran may see the talks as a way to lock in the government ahead of any cease - fire that would then in effect force much of Assad ' s opposition to stop fighting .                   
The pair were taken to the San Francisco police ' s Park Station and will eventually be moved to the county jail .                                                   
" When it comes to performing the job under pressure , this isn ' t a job for everyone ," she said .                                                   
The centre - back has started only five games in two months and is worried his England place is under threat ahead of this summer ' s European Championship in France .                                 
And we ' ll see whether they respond to Ted Cruz ' s message and if he gets the campaign energy that Trump now has .                                             
' He ' s made a good recovery , but who knows what side - effects might show up in the future .                                                   
I ' m sure she really enjoyed working on New Year ' s Eve just to deal with people such as yourself .                                                   
She was moved into first class , which was cleared of passengers and an announcement was made for anyone with medical training to come forward .                                             
By 2020 all self - employed workers and small businesses will have a tax profile online similar to an internet bank account .                                                   
Clinton ' s campaign has agreed with Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders ' campaign to hold another presidential debate next week and the campaigns are discussing three more in the spring .                                 
My sense is that we have an incredibly complex and challenging combination of short - term and long - term - range challenges to face .                                             
Daniel Smith ' s friend Luke Carter , 20 , said : " I really feel for his family and what they must be going through .                                             
As one of the country ' s most southern cities , Munich was one of the first stopping points for refugees and migrants entering Germany - which has the largest national economy in Europe .                           
I knew he was miles away , it was just a computer screen , but my first reaction was [ this was ] a terrorist , an IS terrorist .                                     
Obama ' s latest executive action would cover all companies with more than 100 employees , representing some 63 million workers .                                                     
During the global recession the concept was used as a useful sales tool in the luxury housing market in California and then moved into mainstream property marketing across the United States .                                 
And it ' s significant that the key trends for this spring can all be worn by those of us with less - than - perfect bodies .                                         
You won ' t find sugar - soft sand , but you can count on 250 days of sun each year - pretty impressive for the state of Washington .                                     
I am also appealing to anyone who has seen the family or knows where they may be to get in touch as soon as possible .                                             
The EU referendum could , like the Scottish referendum , become a conversation about what a good Europe - and , by extension , a good United Kingdom - would look like .                               
So I think it ' s even more important now and I would like to think you ' ll see more and more of this type of involvement .                                       
Clinton ' s email practices have been a source of criticism since March 2015 , when it was revealed she used a private email server to conduct official business while at the State Department .                           
I think the next three years we will give a pretty good idea of how good he is going to be , not how poor he is going to be .                                   
I just wanted to go back and make a record that sounds like what we ' re playing on stage .                                                       
I ' m staying with my family at a very comfortable guest house on the base , which has been a great place to begin my recovery .                                         
" It ' s about helping them gain awareness when they ' re stuck in those negative - thinking patterns and working on giving them a more fair assessment of the situation ," she says .                         
You can turn on a light box for 30 minutes to an hour when you ' re down , but to feel its full effects , use it as part of a daily therapy routine .                         
They are both professional players and have both been around the block , we don ' t see this as a massive issue .                                                 
It ' s not something I ' m planning on doing any time soon , but it ' s absolutely something I would do in the future , yes .                                     
The position of the hands of some of the victims , like those of this woman ( pictured ), suggest they may have been bound before they were killed .                                     
I just enjoy myself on the court and try to play every point like it ' s my last point .                                                       
But the young do have some things in common : they grew up in the age of smartphones and in the shadow of a global financial disaster .                                         
So I ' ve really enjoyed this , but I ' m not going to tell you what I ' ve broken down about Liverpool .                                             
EU nations would have to vote in favour of the move by around a two - thirds majority , but Greece alone could not stop them .                                           
At the moment there is one I am looking at which will be football related , but I need to find the correct place to have it on my body .                                   
I think that it will be found within five years now that we know the path in the sky to be searching .                                                   
A Department for Transport spokesperson said : " The drink driving limit for England and Wales strikes an important balance between safety and personal freedom .                                               
How do we run a service in a different way because we know we have lots more demand coming into the system with an older population ?                                           
Now , we ' re seeing them experiment in ways we haven ' t seen before - and some of that is with reality TV .                                             
" As a mum you just try to protect your kids and you just want to keep them safe ," Ms Fisher said .                                                 
By 2020 , there will be an estimated 50 billion connected devices , and by that same year , 90 percent of consumer cars will be connected to the Internet .                                   
A report from Kings College London last year revealed that members of the UK armed forces are twice as likely to develop depression or anxiety than members of the general working population .                               
If Japan and Europe have chosen this route to boost their domestic economies , who is Britain to stand aside ?                                                       
At that point one of my family members came up to me and we talked for a while about different things .                                                     
I don ' t know what it is about that second ' green ', like it doesn ' t serve any function in the sentence but there ' s something nice about it .                             
The two questions are sharply related : Among the 40 % who say they feel " not at all represented " by government , 79 % say things in the country are going badly .                           
It could be the coffee kicking in , but at the front they jump and dance with a surprising amount of energy .                                                   
For a 34 - year - old set to end with a 70 per cent success rate , there is at least one more to come .                                           
The plans , however , are not expected to spell out where the future money would come from or how long funding would be sustained , but rather suggest revenue sources .                                 
A police spokesman told us the case is being treated as a murder but that they haven ' t determined the cause of death .                                               
' In the beginning , I was spending between £ 70 and £ 100 per week on breakfast ingredients alone ,' he said .                                                 
Real honour to be in the final , to win it is my dream come true tonight on this night .                                                       
" I ' m not sure that it matters that much because it ' s not really about me or Donald Trump or Ted Cruz or any of the candidates ," Carson said .                             
Local authority figures released at the end of last year show a 65 % increase in children recorded as home educated in the UK over six years .                                         
In an interview with the BBC , he said : ' I heard that kids beat him up and set him on fire .                                                   
To prevent tragic cases such as this , police could be handed sweeping new powers to help catch foreign criminals and terrorists who commit offences in Britain .                                         
I ' m looking forward to getting into downtown Singapore at least one night to see what this island has to offer .                                                   
Metropolitan police officers have estimated in the past that mental health issues account for at least 20 % of police time .                                                     
If they don ' t like what you ' re selling , it won ' t matter how much you try to sell it .                                               
They have won just four games on the road all season , while their last five away trips have seen them pick up just six points from a possible 18 , a far from ideal record for a side challenging for the title .         
The two campaigns have agreed to hold another presidential debate next week in New Hampshire , and three more in the spring .                                                   
The government also said employers added a combined 50 , 000 more jobs in October and November than it had previously estimated .                                                   
That ' s why , with the government ' s help , councils are working with universities on ways of ensuring the highest possible level of student registration .                                       
Now , the Vermont senator has pulled ahead to a 20 - point advantage over Clinton , 57 percent to 38 percent .                                                   
We have provided the first evidence that taking regular meals at the wrong time of day has far - reaching effects for learning and memory .                                             
It put him on the road to his own show ... a road very different than the one he ' d been traveling .                                                 
I know they ' re super - popular , but I ' m all about personality and working hard to get to where I am .                                             
In a reference to his own family , Mr Abbott said : " These days , at least in Western countries , family structures are typically more complex than they used to be .                               
On the night of November 4 , 1995 , the possibility of Israeli - Palestinian peace gave way to uncertainty and horror .                                                   
That is not to say that the books are not interesting or powerful - or , in fact , very good indeed .                                                   
However , Government sources have reportedly said they are resigned to a strike taking place as soon as next week .                                                       
They only way to do that is to raise awareness and to stop the plastic ending up in the sea in the first place .                                               
You hold your hands up and it ' s not back to the drawing board but back to a lot of hard work .                                                 
But since it didn ' t this time , we are concerned that it could launch one " afterwards , he said .                                                   
But it ' s a way of life and makes me as a person feel really good and physically look better .                                                     
They got their initial judgment of the situation very wrong and that ' s going to be hard to correct now .                                                     
But then it posted an update saying that there were in fact continuing issues , and that it would look to restore service soon .                                               
He understands that the game of basketball is here for a limited time so you have to pursue it and go at it , but it ' s a lifetime commitment to his daughter .                           
The changes would have cut the number of contracts given to law firms from 1 , 600 to around 500 and reduced rates of work .                                             
But his stay becomes a longer one and as they discover more about each other , the old woman and the young man turn out to have a lot more in common than they thought - and not just their shared left - wing politics .     
The initiative will form one part of a strategy to place the family at the heart of the agenda for the next five years .                                               
But the move could leave many women in financial hot water as almost two - thirds of men take control of most of the household finances .                                           
Most of those at home can listen to him broadcast the first three innings on radio like always , but they ' ll miss everything else .                                           
To me it ' s a perfect world if you want horses to have something different and to offer your owners a real benefit .                                               
Like the 300 , 000 dead and 11 million displaced ( the worst refugee crisis since the second world war ) - the vast majority at his hand .                                         
We were patient , we didn ' t lose our shape but changed our system because we needed an extra body in the box .                                               
The most recent hearing , on 7 December , was at the Old Bailey , which is part of the crown court .                                                   
Most were born or now work in the United States , but Kenya , South Africa , Nigeria , Great Britain , Japan and Canada are also home , past or present .                               
' The only way to get that if you ' re not born with it is to take the fat from the areas where you don ' t want it , put it in the areas that you do and really shape your body .       
A bigger challenge is finding enough land that you can invest in and get returns on in a big enough way to really drive volume in our industry .                                       
" These are the issues this campaign is about , so that ' s why I ' m talking about them ," he said .                                               
He ' s a really tough boy , always available , but we left him out of training and we ' ll see how it goes overnight .                                         
Police said as many as 4 , 100 more staff were needed to deal with border controls , security at asylum centres and the terror threat .                                           
And they spent many an hour together in the trainer ' s room getting treatment and talking about making it back for a shot at Super Bowl 50 .                                       
Now , you ' re in Mexico and you miss your life in the U . S . One will always miss one or the other .                                           
The New Year ' s Eve attacks , some of which were carried out by men of North African and Arab appearance , have led to criticism of Mrs Merkel ' s policies .                             
The successful candidate will be paid a salary of between £ 55 , 500 and £ 78 , 500 , depending on their experience .                                               
There is no treatment or vaccine and many South American countries have called on women to consider implications of the infection before getting pregnant .                                               
The elected officials will be able to put in place a single " employer ," led by a senior officer in charge of hiring all local fire and police personnel .                                   
" I don ' t think that ' s true ," Obama said when asked whether Sanders is playing a similar role this year .                                               
There ' s enough stuff made for 18 - to 25 - year - olds but there ' s a lot of us over the age of 50 who would like to see something that reflects our lives a little more often .           
I am an author with all the powers of my soul and I write and reflect as I have never written or reflected before .                                               
The UK is Google ' s largest non - US market , accounting for 11 % of its global revenues , according to documents filed in America .                                         
" I have had a few hard times in my own life and I doubt there is anybody who hasn ' t had their share ," Clinton said .                                       
At the age of 24 she moved to the US , living in San Francisco for five years before moving to Washington DC to attend law school .                                         
' I ' ve had patients who wake up after an operation and the first thing they say is there ' s no one to check on their cat .                                     
The challenge is to find new legislation that would apply equally to migrants and UK citizens and students returning from abroad .                                                     
But in May , M & S turned a corner by posting its first annual profits increase in four years .                                                       
" I ' m very grateful for the gift of the show ," Anderson said , noting that it gave her the ability to pick and choose her projects .                                     
The two - time Commonwealth champion now believes she can break the 4 . 8 - metre mark this domestic season .                                                     
' Apple still has a lot of value , a lot of cash flow , so it ' s not to say the company is in trouble .                                         
I think Al had not the best couple of months , but now he is in good form and doing well .                                                     
" The thing he doesn ' t understand about writing books is that you just have to get on with it ," she said .                                               
" It ' s chaos most of the time , but I wouldn ' t trade either of them for anything ," she said .                                               
' She was better off with me than I ' ve been in the custody of the police these last months .                                                     
There were at least 36 deaths related to the massive storm and seven states and Washington D . C . declared states of emergency .                                               
But we kept trying - and one day , when we went back , she was out but David wasn ' t .                                                   
I ' m not too sure really , I ' ve only made one league start this season , so I want to play more , but I think that ' s obvious for any player in that situation .                 
It doesn ' t matter whether you ' re a Republican or Democrat , voters across the nation want to see more clean energy deployed .                                             
It ' s not about the weight , it ' s about doing what you enjoy , feeling full of life and energy .                                                 
' I don ' t personally know anyone who suffered a loss like this until I started receiving emails and messages from friends and other people around the world who had seen my post .                           
The advisers say company executives should channel funds into areas of individual company strength , which have the best prospects for growth .                                                   
All we can do is try to get the best results we can and hopefully bring some joy to the people of this city .                                               
The date of the first British landing on Australia , January 26 , has since been celebrated as Australia Day , and is now a federal holiday in the country .                                   
A statement from London City airport said it was also working to resolve the issue but was unable to comment because the situation was being dealt with by lawyers .                                     
At a town hall in Iowa on Monday , Hillary Clinton warned that Republicans are willing to turn their backs on 19 million Americans .                                               
A major outbreak is unlikely to happen in the U . S . because of surveillance and mosquito control methods , he said .                                                 
" They work in teams , and as you can imagine , they ' re all looking forward to getting back together with their team ," she said .                                       
Last year was a good one for Spurs and perhaps the foundation stone for a title challenge was laid with the 5 - 3 victory at home to Chelsea on New Year ' s Day 2015 .                       
The male driver and female front - seat passenger sustained serious injuries and were taken to a London hospital for treatment .                                                     
So passing one day I thought well , I ' ll just walk in and have a look at them .                                                       
If they can then get enough Labour support , the Conservative rebels could defeat the Government , meaning Mr Cameron would have to return with a later referendum date .                                     
It ' s likely that it ' ll already be hidden in one - if it is , you can just leave it there .                                               
The experience you ' ll gain playing with the world ' s best players , where cricket is followed like football is in England - that can only be an amazing experience .                               
But what I do feel is there ' s this enormous depth of potential in Australian women ' s cycling and it doesn ' t always get the opportunity to be great .                               
Sanders said his meeting with the president was largely about domestic and foreign policy issues , specifically how to fight Islamic State and the president ' s assessment of the U . S . relationship with Iran .                     
It was a huge step for Europe : it showed that when nations want to work together , we can do great things .                                                 
That way , you ' re making it absolutely clear that you have problems , but that you have no intention of discussing them .                                               
That is still some way off , if ever , but her determination is obvious ; her health issues , she hopes , are behind her at last .                                       
In order to ensure that the costs do not get out of hand , both parties must be keen to reach a compromise and avoid the court process .                                       
It ' s of great concern to the opposition that we have the government , in the week before school starts , not even sure about what ' s going to be taught in our schools in the week that school does begin .         
Now , the UN Security Council has warned to start work on significant new measures in response to North Korea , which could mean a further expansion of sanctions .                                     
The woman ' s disability is such that she is unable to say when the sex attack took place - simply that it happened at some point between December 1999 and February 2013 .                             
How can it be right that rural councils are facing cuts of 33 per cent , but urban areas - where it is cheaper to provide services - are facing a reduction of just 19 per cent ?                     
" In fact , look , there ' s a difference ," Cruz said of his rival at an Iowa campaign stop .                                                   
I ' ve fought for 10 years just to get a little respect -- it hasn ' t been easy being a woman in this field but it ' s getting much better .                             
Grant ' s comments may put the state government on a collision course with arts leaders in western Sydney as well as regional NSW .                                               
Murray ' s wife , Kim , whom he has not seen for five weeks , is due to give birth later this month .                                               
She found it hard to come to terms with the fact I was British and that I worked for a living .                                                     
In 2011 he went on an official Government trip to Africa and also worked as an adviser to Chancellor George Osborne .                                                     
So that ' s why we ' re working on stuff to improve and to look like what tennis is going to be in the next years .                                         
' We monitor Jack ' s social media accounts every single day and he has never posted photographs of weapons .                                                       
In Pakistan , the 2013 general election saw the first peaceful democratic transfer of power by an elected government that had served a full term to another .                                         
I hope I can ride another one but it will be tough -- those ones don ' t come every , once every 37 years !                                             
Asked whether she would launch an investigation , the EU competition commissioner told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme : ' That is way too early to say because I don ' t know the details of the deal .                   
But an appeals court judge ruled the terms fell short of minimum sentences that require them to serve about four more years .                                                   
Carter said he never really let go of the series after it ended : " It ' s in my DNA ," he said .                                                 
Earlier this week the index entered a bear market , meaning it was down 20 percent from a recent peak .                                                       
Brisbane is lucky enough to host the group ' s first shows outside of its home city of Melbourne where they enjoyed a sold out season .                                           
We are ready , and our troops deserve the best -- a new commander in chief whose track record has proven he is a master at the art of the deal .                                 
But I build it up again after this , so it ' s not that I lose it for ever because that ' s not allowed .                                           
" We don ' t have that much time to really work on it like we want to ," Scott said .                                                     
You look at so many of the young British players and you think they ' ve got the game , why can ' t they just take it one step further ?                                 
We have that quality but at this moment there is a lack of confidence at the right time or we need to buy another striker .                                             
With this trend expected to continue and with interest rates also likely to stay on hold for longer than previously anticipated , the demand for homes is likely to strengthen in the months ahead .                           
During Apple ' s its six - year run of gains , the stock has risen by at least 25 per cent in five of those years .                                         
On the trail in Iowa and New Hampshire , candidates are engaging in the type of retail politics that those states are known for .                                               
One child in the camp refused to let anyone cut his hair even after fleeing ISIS because he had been told he couldn ' t do that .                                         
Here ' s the latest information you need to know about the Zika virus based on new reports by health officials .                                                     
And Jason Day has said he is looking forward to coming back to Australia this summer , so it ' s hard to see him not taking the opportunity to defend the title and represent his country .                     
His death comes just days after he told friends and family on Facebook that he was ' living the dream ' in Asia .                                                 
The 90 - minute film , from 23 : 15 to 00 : 45 , was watched by 600 , 000 viewers and had a 9 . 5 % audience share .                                 
She and the claims of fellow MPs appeared in official expenses data which covers the first four months after last year ' s General Election - the most recent information available .                                 
You know , when you walk around the streets of Rio you don ' t get any sense there ' s something going on here of such big health concern , but when you talk to pregnant women , you get a very different picture .     
What ' s changed is the fact that a club can now sign a guest player for 14 games , outside the cap .                                                 
A new inquest will now follow the family court proceedings and should any new evidence come to light , we will consider this carefully with the police .                                         
I hope in the short - term it gives women a really strong network that helps build each other ' s confidence .                                                   
But not every country lucky enough to have lots of foreign students is doing what is needed to keep them coming .                                                     
The main reason I do is that I believe he wants more power to come to him and ' he ' ll take care of us all ' if we just give him more power , but I ' m from a limited government tradition .     
I took a part - time job for six months to keep me funded but allow me time to spend on my business .                                                 
" I ' ve been here six years now and had a few injuries but it ' s good to reach this landmark ," Wilson said .                                           
If that ' s what they want me to do , I ' m not going to do it because I ' ve got so much to give to the game .                                 
The tickets were sold out months ago , the fans are going to be right behind us and we are really looking forward to next week .                                           
Earlier this week , the European Commission said it was considering how to respond to a letter of complaint from the SNP about Google ' s tax deal with the UK .                                 
She didn ' t want someone living with her , and seemed to function well for the next nine months .                                                       
He knows that at times , as I ' ve told him , because I care about him so much as a basketball player and as a person , I ' m going to be hard on him .                   
They ' re young but we ' re confident that we ' ve got some good solid players that are going to keep developing .                                               
Don ' t assume that everything is cheaper than other outlets , though : many of their prices only match the supermarket " special offer " equivalent .                                         
Well , the guys who made the show are an Indian guy and an Asian guy so we ' re going to be pretty good at representing that because that ' s who we are .                         
It ' s really positive considering how many chances we created , but it ' s up to us to put those chances away .                                               
Human Rights Watch , which reported on interviews with 25 children fighting in Syria , said that children growing up among militant groups grow up fast .                                           
He did initially back up and raised his hands but then moved towards them quickly and they shot him three to four times .                                                 
Maybe in the past it has been enough to win a cap without winning and the results would certainly indicate that .                                                     
' When you get to the end of this wave , move the iron down and push the next wave into an S shape and tap it in , and keep doing this down the hair ,' she explains .                 
" I don ' t really want to put new taxes onto anything ," Mr Cameron said at a press conference on Thursday .                                                 
More often than not , professionals don ' t even realise how slow they are until it is pointed out .                                                       
I don ' t know how long this will last , but I want it to be longer than the month .                                                     
To put China ' s growth in context , the U . S . economy only grew about 2 % last year .                                                   
Nick and Bernie have got off to a great start and I think they are going to have a lot of crowd support down in Melbourne .                                           
I ' m probably a little bit younger than a lot of people that are on the board and my experiences and background are a little bit different .                                       
It didn ' t take long to track down the suspects , as we had the licence plate number of the vehicle .                                                   
The most recent trade numbers show California ' s fall exports to China declined 12 . 1 % from a year earlier .                                                   
Los Angeles , San Francisco and San Jose have signed on to participate in the task force , as have cities in 25 other states .                                             
He added that the first the alleged victim knew of it was when the issue was investigated and she was informed by her boss .                                               
The mother said she could have seen the funny side if they hadn ' t had their child with them but said that with a baby , it felt like child abuse .                               
In his first newspaper interview since returning from Syria , it is clear Robinson has been deeply affected by what he witnessed .                                                   
I would take a photo of the cheese so , if I liked it , next time I could go buy the right one .                                               
I wish I would ' ve followed my dreams when I was in my late teens and deciding what I wanted to take in University .                                             
If convicted , he could be fined as much as $ 4 , 000 and sentenced to up to a year in jail .                                                 
" If we were to spend more money just maintaining and managing water levels , it would be money well spent ," he said .                                               
I was always happy when working on songs even when nobody knew who we were and still that ' s the thing .                                                   
We do believe there is some connection with some shootings which may have occurred in the earlier part of 2015 and back to 2014 .                                               
So it affected me a little bit , but it was all right ; it was just a little thing I had to deal with .                                             
Belgian police have made a total of 10 arrests and nine suspects remain behind bars since the Paris attacks in November , which left 130 people dead .                                         
We had both previously been engaged , we had both spent time working with kids and we were both eager to explore all that L . A . has to offer .                                 
A joint investigation with police is now under way to establish how the fire was started , and who was responsible .                                                     
What she needed , she sees now , was real connection : that fundamental if hard - to - express sense of being held in the mind of another person , even if only for a short period each week .               
He has also complained in the past that making a new Star Wars film was tough because it ' s ' not much fun ' being criticized by fans .                                     
A BBC star has been questioned by police on suspicion of sexual assault against a 23 - year - old man , it was reported last night .                                         
As of Saturday evening , 12 states had declared a state of emergency and more than 2 , 700 National Guard members had been put on active duty .                                       
When you have the same back four it ' s much easier to get used to the people you play next to and what they ' re going to do in games .                               
But they didn ' t make the tough calls necessary to save all those jobs , and so they lost every one of those jobs .                                             
Cruz has faced criticism recently after GOP presidential front - runner Donald Trump began publicly questioning whether Cruz is eligible to president , even though he was born in Canada .                                   
They ' re " agents " under the law , and don ' t have to report how much they ' re being paid .                                               
So she took a break from looking at herself on television , returning to the road to perform stand - up .                                                     
If our public finances can recover so quickly after all - out war , why is it taking over a decade to clean up after a banking crash ?                                       
The previous two were so difficult , his parents didn ' t want to force him to go through it again .                                                     
Men with more than one wife will qualify for extra benefits under the new welfare system , according to official House of Commons research .                                               
We got off the ball probably as well as I saw us get off all year with our edge guys and stuff .                                                   
President Barack Obama isn ' t on the ballot this year , but he wants to have an active role in the campaign year .                                               
There is no reason I shouldn ' t be looking to improve and to getting my game in a better position than any other previous round .                                           
While I ' m sure there are lots of lawyers who would love to run into court and file this lawsuit , at the end of the day it ' s in everybody ' s interest to resolve it .                 
" There ' s just no reason to think you ' ll get anything from resources this year ," Mr Bryant said .                                                   
At the end of the day hopefully somewhere along the line we can have an increasing pay and be paid a little bit better than at the moment .                                       
Some local by - laws allow UK children as young as 13 to do " light work " like delivering newspapers or shop work .                                               
" What we know from other research is that appearance - motivated exercise doesn ' t have good outcomes in terms of improving body image ," she said .                                       
For me , it is now about taking the lessons I ' ve learned from it and other big moments in my career and turning that into more consistent performance .                                   
He allowed several family members , including a boy no older than 12 , to briefly address the large gathering .                                                       
It also led to an ongoing civil rights investigation of the entire Chicago Police Department by the U . S . Department of Justice .                                               
But less than 24 hours after walking free , he took a coach from London to Paris and headed to the ISIS war zone with his young family .                                       
They then pay as little as £ 15 via international transfer and are allowed to direct the abuse over the internet .                                                     
A field goal put them in position to win - if they could get the ball back and score again .                                                       
It leaves the company open to criticism that its customers will not benefit during the winter season , the period when they use the most energy .                                           
One of those areas that I talked about at the speech , part of the proposal is developing smart gun technology .                                                     
He had done what so many Republican candidates promise on the campaign trail , or at least he said so .                                                       
Clinton often spoke about foreign affairs with Blair such as potential peace in Ireland and the situations in Iraq and Russia .                                                     
This was not the case six months ago and it means that we won ' t be able to respond as effectively in other areas .                                             
The minimum wage in California starts to rise this year : It increased to $ 10 an hour on Jan .                                                       
The extra hours would only be offered to working families where parents are employed for at least eight hours a week .                                                     
If you ' re engaging with a 17 - year - old , you ' re not in the right frame of mind .                                                 
That ' s why you need to get your own economy right so you can stand against those problems - those heavy winds that will hit us .                                         
They have won just one of their past five home games - and have failed to score in three of those .                                                     
The dominant force in women ' s tennis , the 34 - year - old Williams enjoyed one of her career ' s most impressive seasons last year .                                       
Arsenal have also been linked to the striker but Spurs are reported by others to be leading the race for the striker who has scored 14 goals already this season .                                   
If we could find a way of starting them with something other than " thank you very much for the present ," so much the better .                                           
What ' s more unusual is that the share of 20 - to 24 - year - olds who say they ' re retired doubled from 2004 to 2014 .                                     
I ' m looking forward to going to battle with those guys all year long and for the rest of our careers .                                                   
She has proven that she ' s ready for the next step , so I ' m excited and proud for her with this opportunity .                                             
It happened as the government and opposition groups gathered in Geneva in a bid to start talks aimed at a political solution to the conflict .                                             
For no matter how significant you are , it is only because of what you are part of ," the woman speaker said .                                                 
It is not easy to go away from home , you never know how the surface is going to be so we are expecting a tough game .                                         
" My insurance covered everything , from the hospital stay , treatment , to my flights home ," the 27 - year - old marketing professional said .                                         
He said he posted the images on Facebook and within hours he had messages and the post was viewed 5 , 000 times .                                                 
During a wait of more than 30 minutes to speak to someone , a recorded message said there was a charge for the call .                                               
But then when you get older , when you have a kid or kids , if you do that , it becomes something different .                                               
' I was immediately up for the challenge because vegetables are quite a big part of our meals anyway , but I definitely thought that this would be a good opportunity to try and do more with them ,' she continued .             
It ' s probably too early for the Iranian public to decide on its preferred U . S . presidential candidate .                                                     
We have lost eight players to injury and five or six of them are contact injuries which will not clear quickly .                                                     
It was a warm day and there were a number of families around but there was no suggestion they had seen him .                                                   
' Although researchers are now looking at whether the vaccine is safe for people to use , it will be several years until we know if it will be able to improve the lives of people with Alzheimer ' s disease .             
It is also a big financial commitment as if you move jobs or house you may end up paying for travel that you don ' t need .                                         
To see how tough he trains , doing all the little things , it really opened Nick ' s eyes .                                                       
" We have to make sure we are ready for whatever the interest rate environment is ," Mr Osborne said .                                                       
I notice even the Labor Party , as desperate as they are for Greens support , even the Labor Party have walked away from this proposal .                                           
At the time , he described his parents as " openly Christian " and said they were involved in sending food aid to North Korea .                                             
A 15 - year study of 130 , 000 men and women aged 45 and over found that the more days a week they had breakfast , the lower their risk of suffering a stroke .                         
In the seven hours after his death was announced Sunday night , Twitter reported that more than 43 million tweets were written about Bowie and his influence .                                         
" I actually think he ' s a better player from the back of the court than he thinks he is ," Murray said .                                               
It ' s there in the way I eat , the way I sleep , it ' s all around me , building up to a couple of hours on court .                                 
He says the family has not yet been asked to pick up the body but that a funeral would be held as soon as possible .                                             
It wasn ' t a day for pretty football - it was about getting over the line and we did that .                                                     
The chancellor has managed to create an unlikely alliance between myself , the Sun newspaper , the mayor of London and , according to reports , even No 10 this morning .                                 
This time around , the scientific panel that advised the government broke new ground by drawing a link between the planet ' s health and that of Americans .                                       
If they see girls with make - up on , they ' ve been made to take it off straight away .                                                     
The story is simple : A crime is committed , and the police go after the wrong young black man in a blue shirt .                                               
" I am always positive , not negative , and the most important thing is the balance of the team , the people and the changing room ," he said .                                   
Yes , I am willing to meet him and discuss some of these issues in private ... away from the media .                                                     
A second man , aged 57 , had been due to stand trial for the bathroom rape but died two weeks before the case started .                                             
More details will also be given on its plans to reform education after criticism of its record on closing the gap between rich and poor pupils .                                           
George Osborne wants to implement the change from 1 August 2017 , and consultation on the policy is set to begin later in the year .                                             
This is a new game , it ' s a new chance to create history and re - write those books .                                                     
This is not the first time a big cat has been caught on camera getting up - close and personal with someone sitting inside a vehicle .                                           
When my producer Tony Brown heard it , he loved it so much , that he insisted on putting it on the album ," she said .                                           
This will require a fundamental shift in policy , and should be a key focus of the upcoming disability white paper .                                                     
When I miss a couple of weeks or I ' m away with injury , I get back on the court and it ' s funny .                                           
I am still at the beginning of my career but I believe this is the place to develop and learn from some of the best players in the world .                                     
The West Virginia transportation department Facebook page said that one lane was open for traffic as crews worked to clear the road .                                                   
But I can ' t tell you how many times I ' d said no , because most people trying to write it didn ' t know how to write it .                                 
She could not wait to get back to university as she had a good social life and enjoyed seeing her friends .                                                     
The New York Times reported Wednesday that the campaign has two ads ready to go - one , a positive spot ; the other , an attack on Clinton ' s Wall Street ties .                           
People would say he has no influence , but when he focused on the scandal of the earthquake in 2008 , today China is doing something about corruption .                                       
' We are a small , private company and this is the second day we haven ' t been able to use our account .                                               
For the opening 20 minutes we showed how we can play then we took the foot off the gas but we know we are a better team and that we can get the win this week .                       
He also went after Google , which is co - hosting the debate , in a series of tweets , saying it does not pay fair taxes .                                         
It ' s just simply too early in the crisis to get a good handle on how bad the damage is .                                                     
I think everybody has recovered well from the game , we had a light session on Thursday and we ' ll be fine on Saturday .                                             
They are an alternative source of income for investors ; for some , they are a more tax - efficient way of receiving cash .                                               
' And I know the reason why , these people were witnesses for the police , I can ' t say any more than that .                                             
In 2013 , he was voted one of the two best centres in Super League and its outstanding young player .                                                       
They don ' t think that anything is going to happen them but as I joke with many young people in my life , you need insurance because you ' re living crazy .                             
So far this month , about six times as many people have arrived by sea in Europe as they did in the whole of January 2015 .                                           
Andy Murray was one of the first players to welcome the announcement of an independent review of the sport ' s anti - corruption programme .                                             
Lord Turnbull jailed him for three years and nine months for the incident involving the gun and a further four months and 15 days for the offence against the other woman .                                 
The world ' s largest social network is testing a new feature that will enable its 1 . 5 billion users to use their smartphones to shoot video so other people can see what they are doing in real time .               
They were in a band together and I was really happy that they brought their musical talent to our show .                                                       
" But government spending will not get below 25 per cent at any time over the next decade ," he warned .                                                     
I hate having to say that but it ' s the only thing that puts things into context for some of these people .                                                 
A member of the Royal New Zealand Air Force looks out of a window while searching for debris off the coast of western Australia on April 13 , 2014 .                                     
The victim told the court that he decided to come forward after seeing a woman , who was abused as a child , telling of her experience on television .                                     
So it was a massive shock when I heard about how his life ended , as it was something I thought he ' d moved away from .                                         
You won ' t turn into the kind of person who finds it all too easy to say " no " and let people down .                                             
I hoped our MPs would have control of decisions affecting employment and the City about how much state support to give industry .                                                   
I always thought a cross - country trip would be cool , to do it and write a book about it .                                                     
The first person I wanted was a woman , but sometimes you just get inspired in a different way and you just run with it .                                             
They don ' t leave us until they are 16 so if they are failing when they leave , it is our fault .                                                 
The driver of the four - wheel drive was treated at the scene for minor injuries after his vehicle came to rest on the driver ' s side .                                       
Despite being on a terror watch list , he managed to escape the UK and arrive in Syria to join Islamic State .                                                   
But he said there had to be a team - wide lift , although the positive was that the players hadn ' t had to be told where they let themselves down .                               
She said : ' I am nervous that the abandoned place will be impossible to get into as I never break and enter , so if all ways of getting inside have been closed , it is sad as I can ' t go inside .       
The number of people using public transport in Scotland over the last nine years has fallen by 6 %, a new report has revealed .                                               
There are few groups in this country that can actually reach 10 , 000 to 20 , 000 people in anyone ' s district , and every person represents more than one vote .                             
" As the last one , I ' m very aware of my responsibility to keep the music and band going ," he said .                                               
" We tried to engage voters especially to make this a priority and encourage the candidates to address it and compete for voters by being good on this issue ," he said .                               
The family were all together over Christmas and had a lovely time and for this to happen is just devastating .                                                       
It ' s usually not a good sign when the captain can ' t remember if his team had scored four goals in a game this season .                                         
" There will be a lot of factors and we will be working with our partners at the Centre for Road Safety to see what more can be done ," he said .                               
Netflix , which has brought sweeping changes to how Americans watch television and posed new challenges for traditional TV networks , has become a Wall Street favorite .                                         
The company ' s first forecast for this year , issued in October , was for earnings per share in the range of $ 10 . 35 to $ 10 . 75 and for revenue of $ 21 . 7 billion to $ 22 . 3 billion . 
That ' s the thinking behind a new clinical trial that is to be carried out at the University of Aberdeen .                                                     
I think when a player does choose to come out , he ' s going to be met with overwhelming support .                                                     
It will take a lot more work on his part to get there , but I will be by his side to help him through it .                                           
The committee said the number of adults in England with diabetes has risen to more than 3 million , and was going up by almost 5 % every year .                                     
He created several chances , carried out his defensive duties and showed leadership skills in a much - improved performance .                                                       
I ' ll look back when my career ends and be able to say I shared the court with one of the best players ever in his last tournament on a big court .                             
" In my job if you don ' t believe in your team you are in a bad shape ," he says .                                                   
It found that many deaths were not investigated , and the quality of the investigations that were carried out were described as poor and much delayed .                                           
The funeral will be a private one and a memorial service is being planned in Liverpool in the near future with a charity for donations in his memory to be announced .                                 
Meanwhile , a man is due to face court charged with causing the deaths by dangerous driving of Lewis and his son .                                                   
However , a Tesla spokesperson called this report " wrong " and that only 1 of the vehicles would be announced in March .                                                 
I ' m surprised to see the article come out and talk about higher levels ; I certainly haven ' t been aware of anything going on there .                                       
Trump caused controversy when he said there should be " a complete and total ban " on Muslims entering the US .                                                     
The world - which could be about ten times as massive as Earth - would be large enough to become the ninth planet of our solar system .                                         
House prices in the South West may be £ 25 , 000 lower than the national average , but it is still the fourth most expensive region of Britain in which to buy a house , and in which to live .             
Officials have cited a higher collective death toll , but CNN has not been able to confirm the individual reports and it ' s unclear if all reports of death are related to weather .                           
I know what something that ' s not right looks like and I believe this was the right decision to make and it ' s very possible that it ' s the wrong decision to make .                       
The number of jobs in manufacturing has actually gone up since 2011 by about 90 , 000 , to 2 . 65 million , but it is still below the pre - recession level .                           
" This is a part of working - class history that hasn ' t been properly recorded ," she says .                                                       
After failed attempts to get rid of them , I usually can get them to leave me alone if I give them my number .                                               
" I think the kids " rights should come first , before the rights of adults who are free to do whatever they want ," one young woman said .                                     
Police announced that residents were being allowed back into the neighborhood Wednesday night as investigators continued to process the crime scene .                                                     
Of course no photo - taking trend would be complete without camera - friendly face paint and that took the form of a very heavy - handed approach to make - up application .                             
In return , the European Union pledged 3 billion euros ($ 3 . 25 billion ) to help improve the refugees ' conditions .                                                 
In October 2013 , he took over control of Flint , a majority black city of 100 , 000 north of Detroit where more than 40 percent of the population was below the poverty line .                         
There ' s potential for a major winter storm beginning on Friday and continuing into Saturday , dropping anywhere from 6 inches to more than a foot in the D . C . area , CBS D . C . reports .             
The more I thought about it , the more it became about how the dialogue about women and sex is broken somewhere - and I don ' t know where .                                   
" It was an amazing occasion , close to 100 , 000 supporters , which goes to show the fan base we ' ve got in Australia ," he said .                                   
And when it ' s all over , you ' ll end up with an experience and a set of memories truly unique to you and your friends .                                       
I hope my journey shows other people struggling to lose weight like I was not to give up - if I can do it then anyone can .                                         
But what you want to do is if you do hit them you want to share the prize with as few other people as possible .                                             
He will report back later this year with recommendations on how to improve the treatment of young people in our care .                                                     
" Do we really think it makes sense to lock so many people alone in tiny cells for 23 hours a day , sometimes for months or even years at a time ?" he said .                         
" Melbourne Water and the Melbourne water businesses are working to provide advice to government prior to its decision around making any water order by April 1 , 2016 ," a spokeswoman said .                             
He said : ' It is presented as a garden city , but what does that mean when so much of it is already in the hands of developers and is under way .                               
I know that it ' s going to be a difficult match , but it ' s OK and I really want to have a match before Melbourne .                                       
The doubt is about him having been out for a long time , and the risk of a set - back .                                                     
At the last Democratic debate , in December , Clinton claimed Islamic militants were using footage of Trump in such fashion .                                                     
" I ' d played well in the set but in the tie - break he didn ' t miss one first serve ," Murray said .                                           
For the second time in two years , an 18 - year - old Australian announced himself as a star of the future despite a second round exit from Melbourne Park .                                 
The day - long session is the first ever ' pet and human first aid training course ' in the country , the company said .                                             
' I could still feel the strength of her hand trying to go for me , so I hit her straight away a third time ', he said .                                       
It ' s a massive part of the future of the club and I can ' t wait to see and hopefully play in it .                                             
Police and the media have been accused of deliberately under - reporting the events in order not to encourage anti - immigrant sentiment .                                                 
After briefly raising his hands , he appears to reach for his pocket , where the gun was reportedly later found , and is shot dead .                                           
The ban , which is a civil order , means that should the man want to start a sexual relationship of any kind with a woman , even if it is a one - off sexual encounter , he must say who the woman is .     
I have dedicated the last 2 years of my life to changing people ' s perspective and won ' t stop , I need your help .                                           
Europe ' s largest economy is struggling under the weight of the more than one million migrants and refugees it ' s accepted into the country in the last year .                                   
It added that up to 11 million vehicles worldwide could have had the software installed , including about 8 . 5 million in Europe .                                               
I knew that with the coming of winter , which is usually quite cold in this region , the situation for these refugees trying to reach Western Europe will become more and more difficult .                           
Of course , we can ' t say 100 per cent that the results are absolutely correct , but I think a lot of serious work was done by the British courts and at the very least Russia has to pay attention to it .       
I did it by accident when someone won a stage and everyone constantly asks for it , but you can ' t do it every day !                                           
In an interview with CNN , Senator Graham says that he is optimistic for a positive resolution in the near future .                                                     
Right now our focus is ensuring the police in South Africa have all the information and assistance that they require .                                                       
Our population of young Coast residents is not in decline , it ' s growing , and it ' s part of our responsibility to help them gain employment here .                                   
I didn ' t feel that comfortable on court the first three , four games , until I think I got broken .                                                   
As for Kelly , he has said he wants to remain in the NFL , but not everyone is confident that is the case .                                               
Some people have argued that this isn ' t sufficient punishment , and that a suspension would have been more appropriate .                                                     
After serious flooding elsewhere , house prices have generally recovered within a few years , according to estate agents in affected areas .                                                   
Even if it does , by law , you can ' t usually be forced to work more than an average of 48 hours a week .                                           
The last couple of seasons I ' ve been a bit more up and down but I ' ve had a really solid block of training in the off - season .                                 
But more than two and a half years on all but 10 % of those plans are behind schedule and only two were completed by December , the time of the last progress report .                           
The research found it is not just parking which causes issues - one in six drivers say they cannot do a three - point turn .                                             
To impose collective responsibility upon ministers would have been to court disaster , a mass resignation that few governments can survive .                                                     
I would like to praise his victims for having the strength to come forward to police and give their evidence in court .                                                   
I had to fight to get the same contract my co - workers took for granted , and to be paid minimum wage .                                                 
But he added : " If he doesn ' t want a high - key start to the season , we have to understand that .                                               
The measure is now 25 , much higher - meaning more expensive - than the long term average of 18 .                                                       
We made the decision not to offer an investment advice service for customers who hold less than £ 100 , 000 in savings and investments .                                             
The prisoners heard this so they would pick up two and leave one , so we would always have something to eat .                                                   
So if you ' re planning to be there , get ready for much more than a few hours of football .                                                     
But a UN - backed plan to end the 20 - month civil war that has torn Libya apart is struggling to take off .                                               
We ' ve always been clear that we want to see low taxes for business , but these taxes must be paid .                                                   
They successfully argued that all four should be allowed to enter the UK and apply for asylum here , rather than being forced to remain in France in the hope that its government would eventually consider their case .                   
There was a rise in the number of UK council workers suspended last year after being accused of breaking social media rules , according to a Freedom of Information request made by BBC Radio 5 live .                       
A midfielder will be making challenges , getting back , scoring goals , wide players keep going past players on both sides .                                                   
" James is a very bright guy who has worked incredibly hard from a very early age ," is how another friend puts it .                                               
For several weeks Murray has said he would fly home immediately if his wife went into labour , whatever the stage of the tournament .                                               
I know you ' re feeling equally frustrated with your mum , but she could be your greatest ally at the moment if you invested a little in your relationship .                                   
" The old policy was a wrong policy in which you turned a blind eye to the Iranian challenge and intervention ," he added .                                               
The report comes ahead of next week ' s Syria Conference in London , where donors will be asked to pledge that all Syrian refugee children in the region should be in school by the end of the next academic year .             
" The younger generation now growing up , they will be the ones to figure out what to do with this technology in the best way ," predicted Walker .                                     
I never heard of a fight club , and I feel that if the coaches had - knowing them the way I do - they definitely would have done something about that ," he said .                         
MPs said they had no doubt that most UK charities did not engage in such practices but the behaviour of some had damaged the reputation of all and made it harder for them to raise money .                       
CNN held two Republican debates last fall , as well as a Democratic debate that was the most - watched Democratic debate in history .                                               
Unfortunately , a lot of girls , their career path is not only determined by who they think they want to be , but also the culture , their background .                                   
That ' s what we ' re going to have to do at the next election - to win over a large number of Tory voters .                                           
It gained million of views in just hours after he posted it yesterday , and led others who have struggled with addiction to share their own experiences .                                         
They earlier had temporary names and positions on the table because scientists had struggled to create them more than once .                                                       
No more security arrangements have ever been required in the last 10 years that me and my family have been living here .                                                   
States of emergency were declared in Tennessee , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania and parts of other states , where road crews were out in force Thursday .                                   
Earlier this month , the father of 11 told CNN he did not want to die , but would never go behind bars .                                                 
But the proposed night works have caused concern about their impact on nearby residents in the city and eastern suburbs .                                                       
For some people who do end up entering into an open relationship , even though there ' s an understanding between partners that the primary relationship still stands , the hurt that ' s experienced when your other half actually carries the fantasy through is overwhelming .   
What you need to do is when you push out those materials - those really valuable materials - let ' s find a market for them .                                           
Syria ' s conflict has killed more than 250 , 000 people , displaced millions and sent hundreds of thousands as refugees to Europe .                                               
I am so proud of you and the impact you have had on this world ," she posted to Instagram .                                                       
He then went travelling for a year , including spending time in Australia where he worked going door - to - door selling cable TV .                                             
No one had a camera to record the moment , but the memory of it will last forever for us .                                                       
On energy there are double standards between the interests of Germany and the Netherlands , and those of the rest of the EU ; on investment there is a great deal of talk and promises , but not too many construction sites .           
We are all very excited and keep in regular touch through group message , we are going to catch up at all - star break .                                             
He is continuing to suggest that Cruz , his chief rival in Iowa , isn ' t eligible to run for president because he was born in Canada .                                       
I know it ' s a long way to go ( to the final ) so I like to approach it day by day .                                               
A low - cost producer is a good place to be but if you ' re a high - cost producer , life is going to be pretty tough .                                     
When we asked why [ the flight was cancelled ], they said a staff member didn ' t turn up .                                                       
She added that security forces had been unable to shoot at him on that occasion because he was accompanied by two women and a young girl .                                           
It was on target , which didn ' t surprise me and we obviously hoped he ' d be celebrating a goal .                                                   
On the second day , we spoke for over an hour about how to keep them healthy and safe in their home and what daily activities they find challenging .                                     
But if he doesn ' t have an answer for what that change should be , then he only has the option to change people .                                             
The world game can make football more than a sport in our nation , but a source of social , political and economic growth .                                               
Obama has met privately with Clinton on at least three occasions over the last year , but only once with Sanders .                                                     
The photos that emerged of you some days after your death were said to be from the last weeks of your life .                                                   
' I ' ve been at different levels when you ' re not working and nobody will call you back and your friends aren ' t around because you aren ' t going to the cool parties .                     
This often makes it impossible for us to return them , because the " first country of entry " cannot be identified .                                                   
Sometimes it happens - when you start the game , and it goes your way and every shot goes in , that ' s it .                                             
A senior police officer is being investigated after he was allegedly caught on camera using a mobile phone while behind the wheel .                                                   
It was a big part of my purpose for many , many years to be there for her and be a good son .                                                 
This , they said , suggests it is 600 to 130 , 000 times more likely than not that human activities and their influence on the climate have caused this record breaking run of hot weather .                       
" Today in my conversation with the Chinese I made it very clear : That has not worked and we cannot continue business as usual ," he said .                                       
Although China is considered North Korea ' s only remaining major ally , and Xi is the most - traveled Chinese president in history , he has not visited North Korea , nor has he hosted a visit by the North Korean leader .         
A few seconds of quiet passed , with neither man saying a word , before they talked about the ongoing efforts and what work remained .                                             
But drawing in viewers who saw the movie last year and who may feel they have moved on could be difficult .                                                     
It ' s not all bad news though , because to make up for it you ' re the most likely to be happy with your sex life and content in your relationship .                             
I wanted to make sure I came out here and play the best level that I could and give you guys hopefully good entertainment .                                               
If we fly aircraft over Syria without the permission of the Syrian government , then there is a real danger that they will take action against them .                                         
Several hours after Facebook ' s announcement on Friday , dozens of groups on the site advertising private gun sales remained live .                                                   
This is where I ended up in my free - associated state after reading about those two dead sons and their father in Port Lincoln .                                             
" We are not talking about a nose margin or a short - half head ... we are talking about a short head ," he said .                                           
She asks me to imagine myself in a new situation and tell her what having money could do for me .                                                       
However appealing that sounds , it ' s a stretch to suggest that preparing and filing taxes for most people would be that simple .                                               
The two are among a number of high - profile figures , both living and now dead , who have been accused of sex abuse .                                             
In 2015 , he is appointed as the company ' s director of communications for the Asia - Pacific region .                                                       
" I grew up not a good guy , but she turned me right ," Park told The Associated Press .                                                       
Though his speech was largely delivered in his usual tone of confidence , it was clear that he wasn ' t leaving anything to chance .                                             
" I thought I would be all right , but the high level of tennis really gets you ," he said .                                                     
Police finally visited the property on Saturday and informed the family that human remains had been found at the house , but DNA would be needed to confirm the victim ' s identity .                             
For only the second time this season , last term ' s top four all won on the same weekend .                                                       
She told the BBC ' s One Show : ' She was born here and she grew up here until everything fell apart .                                                   
Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton fought each other for the Democratic Party nomination in 2008 , when he won his first term .                                                   
As a woman , even if your appearance isn ' t an issue to you , it is to everyone else .                                                     
The last government introduced future changes to the state pension age for women and men , following extensive debates in both houses of parliament .                                               
For other customers who want it , whether they choose to give it a way or charge it to customers is really up to them .                                             
As an Italian kid from Brooklyn , roles were not easy to come by ; plus my size limited the roles I could pursue .                                               
But some might argue that one of the problems of the EU is that it is run more for big companies than it is people .                                             
Now , he ' s winning praise for a live performance , playing himself in the role of a real - life hero .                                                 
Unfortunately , in life , things don ' t always work out the way we want them to and it can take a little time to sort out the feelings and thoughts we can have when that happens .                   
" This has been a problem that has been building for some years and now , boom , here we are ," the grand jury member said .                                         
More women reported having had sexual contact with other women : 17 . 4 % in the current survey compared with 14 . 2 % in the 2006 - 2010 survey .                                 
If , after 15 seconds , you can still keep going at the same pace without too much effort , then the resistance you have chosen is not high enough .                                   
11 terrorist attacks , when she was working near the World Trade Center and he couldn ' t reach her on the phone until hours later .                                           
He said : ' Let ' s say there was something across the road that he had to get and there was a very busy road .                                             
We ' re looking obviously for person who can be there , but we need to find person who is right , we don ' t want to be told which one we take .                           
There will still be heavy news viewers interest in his campaign over the coming months and Fox News has to cover it while being a part of the story .                                     
Top - ranked Djokovic won 6 - 3 , 6 - 7 ( 1 ), 6 - 4 , 4 - 6 , 6 - 3 in four hours , 32 minutes and will meet No .                       
" I think they know how serious this matter is in terms of maintaining confidence in the " one country , two systems ," not only of the Hong Kong people but also of the international community and the investors in Hong Kong ," he said .   
I found out with everyone else when it became available in December and I sat down with my wife to watch it .                                                   
But don ' t do them all at once , just choose one and do your best to stick to it .                                                     
Chancellor Angela Merkel , meanwhile , received support from an unlikely source for her handling of Germany ' s refugee crisis .                                                     
It is set in Victorian scientific society , where even women were not meant to speak out , let alone young girls .                                                   
Of the participants under the age of 45 , only about one in three said they would be very likely to go to the hospital .                                             
While the police spokeswoman declined to provide any further details about the operation , she said there was no further danger to the public .                                               
On Monday Denmark said it would do the same with Germany as it struggles to control the flood of asylum seekers heading north .                                                 
I make that six consecutive clubs on the Glasgow to Aberdeen railway line - in fact other than his three appearances for Chelsea he spent his entire career on the same line !                               
" It ' s very rare that older people stop cycling because of the infrastructure and safety , it ' s mainly because of balance problems ," he says .                                     
As his state prepared for the storm , New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie received criticism for spending the last few days campaigning in New Hampshire .                                           
" I don ' t think the data at this point support expanding screening to younger age groups ," he said .                                                     
However , with this landmark event coming some 15 months after England closed its ' jobs gap ', there is still work to be done .                                             
In this moment with no centre back fit , I would say it is a situation where we have to think about going into the transfer market .                                         
This real estate office in Florida hit it big , and even though the new girl had no money for a ticket , they still cut her in .                                       
But my message today is one of confidence : we can meet these risks and overcome them if we stick to our plan .                                                 
" We want changes - we just don ' t believe that the protests are going to change anything ," she added .                                                   
He said they were engaged by Indian troops and were kept away from the base ' s aircraft and military equipment .                                                     
I have spoken to people , in particular those aware of our history , and most people are keen to do something like that , particularly if it is going to help tourism for the broader region .                     
Three of them fled from their east London homes in February 2015 to join a friend who had left two months earlier .                                                   
" The department can help those people who may need assistance with clothing , personal items or personal support ," she said .                                                   
" I immediately knew that I wanted to do something a lot more creative with my life ," she says .                                                       
" That entire package of Trump and Cruz , in my view , would make it possible for [ Clinton ], if she ' s the nominee , or Bernie [ Sanders , I - Vermont ], to win an election they should lose ," Graham said . 
The thing that really sort of brought it home to us , just how loved he was , was at his memorial , over 2000 people turned up to celebrate his life .                               
The three girls made headlines around the world when they ran away from their East London school in February last year .                                                     
One thing is certain : any Conservative politician who campaigns to come out will have a greater appeal to Tory voters in the country at large than one who campaigns to stay in .                             
The victory was the fifth in a row for the Kings ( 25 - 11 - 2 ) but their first at home since Dec .                                             
However , it added that trading conditions continued to be difficult for books , with a 10 % fall in sales .                                                     
His family in Perth were contacted by police on Saturday who told them the bodies could not be identified until DNA tests were done .                                               
What football does with its young players - and what exactly this is doing to them - has been a concern from the early professional days .                                           
The will was filed in a Manhattan court on Friday under Bowie ' s legal name , David Robert Jones .                                                       
That hasn ' t stopped Uber ' s driver base from growing quickly , though most of its drivers ( two - thirds , as of last year ) have at least one other part - time job .                   
Denmark introduced border checks on Monday for at least 10 days , citing concerns about public security because of migrant movements and border measures taken by other EU member states .                                   
So instead of just getting in front of a candidate and walking with them the whole time he ' s in there , I set myself up in a spot and I wait for the candidate to show up .                 
" The two - year time limit would allow the process to be completed and concluded within the current parliament ," he said .                                                 
The 27 - year - old has been in fine form this season , scoring six goals in his last 11 league games .                                                 
An estimated 80 % of people that have it have no symptoms , making it difficult for pregnant women to know whether they have been infected .                                           
The number is down from a high of 62 percent who said in 2004 that they wanted to lose weight .                                                       
While we ' re getting really good results , none of us feel that we are where we need to be .                                                     
I think that corporate interests would just love us all to stay home and stay online and play video games and order shoes over the internet .                                           
Around 100 people each year ( mainly the very young and the very old ) get it so badly they die from it .                                                 
Still , after several deadline delays thanks to travel and appearances , Martin said there ' s still much work to be done .                                                 
Speaking about the prospect of countries co - operating to find a solution , he said : " Many people say it ' s an impossible ask .                                           
Most of British business has so far sat on its hands , although according to a Financial Times survey , only 1 % of British business leaders are for leaving .                                   
As chairman , I look forward to working with the board and management as they continue to deliver a great service for Sky ' s customers and create value for all shareholders over the years to come .                     
No , it ' s not anything that ' s going to happen , and I ' m not going to be taking legal advice any time soon from Donald Trump .                                 
" As soon as I came here I felt less pressure and it allowed myself to express myself more ," he said .                                                   
If a team scores the fans were definitely into the game and that type of energy led to an exciting game and it was extremely fun .                                           
But we also have some boys who are not big but have a lot of attitude and , to me , this is the most important factor .                                         
This doesn ' t make the problem better , but it means I just accept that there are nights when I won ' t get a good enough sleep .                                     
It fell from 81 million hours to 75 million in only two years , and has since risen to nearly 79 million hours .                                                 
He is well - placed to give them advice on starting a new life here because he did the same himself three years ago .                                               
I understood that but when you ' re the player , you want to know , like now ," he said .                                                     
Every time someone brings it up or tries to ask me what was happening at this point , I can ' t .                                                   
The government has given councils details of the sanctions they would face if they broke ranks and raised the tax for the first time since 2007 .                                           
They are making no real effort to hide their faces , yet investigators believe they ' ve hit at least half - a - dozen times in five states .                                     
" I feel if the owners have taken the trouble to bring their dogs to these areas , they are likely to be responsible owners and keep their dogs on a lead ," she said .                         
We don ' t have the same needs as in the post - war era when it was developed ," he said .                                                   
It is the first time Russia has officially named the U . S . a national security threat , according to Reuters .                                                   
The department and intelligence officials have been arguing about the emails , which are being made public under a federal court order , for at least five months .                                       
I don ' t think a 13 - year - old has a right to privacy - and I ' ve found quite a few things on his phone in the past .                               
German police secure the main train station in Munich early on January 1 , 2016 , after saying on Twitter they had received a tip regarding a planned terrorist attack .                                   
You run out of years and ( being ) a kid and , before you know it , your time has come .                                                   
He said that the recent falls in the oil price meant that inflation was likely to be " significantly lower " compared with the outlook in early December .                                       
One of the hundreds of British citizens now in Syria , including a little boy who appears at the end of the video .                                                 
The newspaper backed Clinton in the 2008 presidential election and endorsed her twice during her two New York races for the U . S . Senate .                                           
But rising interest rates will eat into the value of those investments , and the Fed ' s profits are expected to decline .                                                 
But Chinese gay rights activists have scored some recent victories , and the increased pressure may begin to open some doors , activists have said .                                             
But many countries in Europe don ' t have a problem with foreign - born citizens becoming president or PM .                                                       
You ' ve been a great advocate for conservative causes , and she ' s stood by you when others haven ' t ,' Bristol said .                                           
His manager Colin Young warned last year when the Giants refused to trade him that his client would be back again next year wanting to be traded .                                         
Until we have the Congress that ' s in line with the majority of Americans , there are actions within my legal authority that we can take to help reduce gun violence and save more lives .                       
He said that the boys had told him he was going to have to leave as there was bad weather on the way .                                                 
There were two head counts conducted the day they escaped -- one at 5 a . m . and the second at 8 p . m ., he said .                                     
On the other side , Donald Trump is on top with 28 percent support , with Ted Cruz following at 23 percent .                                                   
While they ' re vulnerable on any given night , the Kings are also capable of beating just about any team in the league .                                               
The 19 - year - old died at the scene , while the other injured woman was taken to hospital with non - life threatening injuries .                                           
They ' ve been challenging to go against in practice , going back to training camp , but it is special to watch them work and watch them perform on Sunday .                                 
It took me by surprise , I had returned from Washington as it was being posted and then to see it take on this whole new life , considering I had given the speech some months before , it was really surprising .           
The government and its allies say it is up to the Syrian people to decide Assad ' s fate in a fair election .                                                 
But if you just can ' t see the appeal , try to see the person they ' ve fallen in love with through your child ' s eyes .                                     
" We have always maintained that the safety and security of Australian teams and officials is our number one priority ," he added .                                                 
" Once he fired rounds at those victims , that became the priority for those officers and they had to make a decision ," he said .                                           
She didn ' t spell out her reaction to being put on leave , or what she would do next .                                                       
But somehow , the president seems to be suggesting that if we even think a patient is suffering from mental illness , we should report them .                                           
I think it means a lot , what you ' ve done , you can say anything but what you ' ve done is what really counts I think .                                     
And more than four in ten feel we can never switch off from work because of the amount of emails we monitor on smartphones .                                               
It ' s got to be the case that the quality of the law made by our judges will be better if it ' s made by a more diverse body of people .                             
It quickly went viral and was picked up by entertainment social media sites that saw its views reach more than 15 million .                                                   
I do get angry that there aren ' t more people fighting not just for these kids but for their families .                                                     
This isn ' t any different outside the hospital ; fewer than a third of people have end - of - life conversations with their loved ones .                                         
And if you want them to play for you , given the way you are , you have to show them that you care about them , which I know you do .                               
In the opening 15 minutes they had over 60 % of possession and took their first - half chances when they came , scoring from both of their shots on target .                                 
So far , the U . S . has managed to maintain slow but steady expansion despite gathering problems around the world .                                                   
Russell ' s ankle will be the focus for a while , his career taking an otherwise strong step Thursday .                                                       
If they came out of the affected area with soil on them , for instance , and ended up in one of our properties .                                               
When it comes to tech like the Apple Watch , it doesn ' t do enough yet to feel completely necessary .                                                     
They understand that something is wrong in this country when our middle class continues to decline and when they may end up with a lower standard of living than their parents .                                 
" The ticket sales are tracking for what we would expect them to track for a sell - out ," French said .                                                   
She said : " He may not come home , but I don ' t want to give up on him .                                                       
But this costs taxpayers money , so many governments prefer to raise the legal minimum wage , passing the cost on to others .                                                 
In the run - up to the February European Council , I will table a concrete proposal for a deal with the UK to all EU leaders .                                         
" If you live and die with your wins and losses it is an incredibly tough lifestyle to live ," she said .                                                   
" I ' ve always got high expectations of myself to perform well and help the team out as much as possible so I was a bit disappointed with not having much impact in the game ," the 21 - year - old said .       
And suddenly this smile would come across his face , almost a laugh , for no apparent reason ," she said .                                                     
He feels he can not only break the 10 - second barrier but he can do so soon , as in soon enough to do it and get on the plane to Rio .                             
The 2019 World Cup in Japan will be on hard grounds , so he ' s going to want someone at 12 who can play .                                             
One theory is that the virus entered the country during or around the 2014 World Cup , when hundreds of thousands of people were visiting from around the globe .                                     
You let the coaches make all the hard decisions , that ' s what they ' re getting paid to do .                                                     
Just because something was wrong , it didn ' t mean we should do away with criminal investigations all together .                                                       
He man was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital where he is being treated for a serious head injury .                                                       
It ' s a secret I hold inside , that given the chance I always knew I had what it takes .                                                     
Perth was ranked the fourth least affordable in Australia , requiring 6 . 6 times the household income to be spent , followed by Adelaide at 6 . 4 and Brisbane at 6 . 1 .                         
The victims spoke of being surrounded by 20 or 30 men at a time who pressed against them so hard they were unable to move or fight back , let alone escape .                               
I ' m trying to get somewhere near the East Coast where I can drive in tonight or early tomorrow morning .                                                     
But 2015 was also a year when people again took to the streets to protest corruption -- people across the globe sent a strong signal to those in power : it is time to tackle grand corruption .                     
Then , the same thing happened again and again so I suggested he could use what he ' d learned to help his friends , and he built a website .                                   
But better actually to have a debate about what happened in the past and to realise that we have moved on as a country ," she said .                                         
In the beginning , the design and engine came directly from Japan , but as demand in the US grew , so did the US influence over the car .                                     
I was there in Iowa this week , I can tell you it ' s cold and I predict it will stay that way .                                               
The man ' s use of the internet is also under specific controls which mean he must tell police about every phone that he could use to text , call or access the web with , according to the York Press .             
It ' s a race where one cannot say no - because then they ' re going to lose the business .                                                     
For more than five years he had been under pressure from the rest of the world to make this arrest .                                                       
I need a little bit of time to get used to my new game style which I will try to improve in the next few weeks .                                           
After coming up with the idea of setting up a street market , they both realised that it would likely work in Brooklyn where it would not have been possible in Manhattan due to a lack of available - and affordable - land .         
But it ' s clear to see from our research that those couples who do make time for one another regularly really see a difference in the quality of their relationship .                                 
Before , we would go to the villages , stock up and spend the night , and then go back to the forest , but that ' s impossible now .                                   
He expects a lot of that growth to be corporate , as firms sign up employees to help them hit their social responsibility targets .                                               
It is understood that a sugar tax is not in David Cameron ' s current plans to tackle obesity , although , in the face of growing pressure , the prime minister has not ruled it out .                     
You can ' t put it back once its gone , but a fresh section and fresh material is exposed and needs to be recorded - its a constant process .                                   
It shows me the world is changing from when I was his age and that there is hope for kids who are different .                                                 
When I tell people that I photograph animals the first thing they always do is take out their phone and show me pictures .                                                 
Michael Bloomberg , the billionaire former mayor of New York City , has told his aides to draw up plans for an independent campaign for the US presidency , the New York Times is reporting .                         
You would have intended to cause as much pain as possible , without any care in the world for that young lady .                                                   
Mr Blair said " two or three " phone calls had been made and that they all included roughly the same message .                                                   
Some fans say that , in the context of the movie , it ' s a reference to finding Luke and returning balance to the Force .                                           
I think that would do us in as a society , to see men losing their self - respect like that .                                                     
I truly believe he wants to work for the people and Cruz and Rubio -- you know , they ' re not self - funded .                                             
Almost two years before the referendum deadline , it is still not too late to secure a deal that even this paper could support .                                               
The Department of Education says that schools are required to investigate even when victims aren ' t willing to do so .                                                     
Paul , whose name has been changed to protect his identity , walked away from his 25 - year marriage after suffering physical , emotional and psychological abuse .                                       
By late morning , the death toll reached 14 , before seven other migrants were either rescued or found alive .                                                       
No , only 21 % said that ; 23 % said " neither " and the rest either didn ' t know or wouldn ' t say .                                         
They see them in training , how they prepare for games , how they approach the whole business and it has to help them develop their game .                                         
" When you ' re working at a federal level , you can throw a lot of resources at it ," he told news . com . au .                                       
If true , the device would mark a significant advance in North Korea ' s weapons development and its potential threat to the region .                                               
" I think pressure is always there and as young guy I ' m at start of my international career and I really want to make use of the chances I ' ve been given as well as make a mark for myself ," he said .   
We believe the answers to what happened to this man lie in the community , particularly other members of the homeless community who may have been nearby at the time .                                   
" I was scared to even pick my daughter up from school sometimes because I felt like I was failing her ," says Clarke , whose name was changed for this story .                               
She ' s driven hundreds of miles from her home in Indiana to volunteer for Bernie Sanders , and she ' s now living in a van outside the campaign headquarters with her dog .                           
If the victim had stayed on his feet or hit his head on a less hard surface , the consequences would not have been so critical .                                           
When it became clear he could not , he fought to get a strong pro - European appointed to the shadow Europe post .                                                 
With no history of mental illness in his family , doctors were unable to explain the sudden severe depression and heavy drinking .                                                   
We ' d factor in transport as well , that ' s another area where Scotland could perhaps up the game a little bit .                                               
" Without a doubt he is the right man for the job ," he said , in a conference call with media on Friday morning .                                             
" That ' s what we hope they would do at a festival site ," he said , and some of them " were in the area we would expect to find them .                             
This was only the third time this season they ' ve scored more than one power - play goal in a game .                                                   
He heard nothing again until 3 the next morning , to say they had been walking for nine hours in the dark and were now being held in a house ; she didn ' t know where .                     
The planned industrial action was suspended last month hours before the first planned walk - out after union representatives and the Government agreed to get back around the negotiating table .                                   
More than a year later , Sarah White has been convicted over the brutal attack , despite claiming she was looking after the animal for a friend .                                         
This is seen in the early stages of Alzheimer ' s but is highly unusual in such a relatively young age group .                                                   
But after a decade without a studio album he released The Next Day in 2013 , surprising fans who thought he had retired .                                                 
But as a 15 they aren ' t putting it together as an attacking unit and that ' s the challenge moving forward .                                                 
Mr Davis filmed the shocking footage on the ship ' s 10th floor as he and his family were heading to dinner .                                                   
Because , listen , if you don ' t have that type of spirit , this type of season can just eat you up .                                               
He said : " Time and time again , David Cameron offers warm words and a little bit of funding for a short - term fix .                                             
His use of executive power makes this particularly important , because the next president can easily reverse many of these gains .                                                     
It was not the only extreme driving offence reported by police on Saturday , the second - last day of the Queensland Police Service ' s Christmas road safety campaign .                                   
Under Brown ' s budget agreements , both university systems have pledged to maintain their annual fees at current levels .                                                       
I ' ve got no doubt we ' ll fix them and , when we do , I ' ve got no doubt we ' ll be up there with the good sides .                             
The spokesman also said details of the shop which sold the winning ticket had not been released , nor had any retailer been informed that they sold the ticket .                                     
The $ 95 , 000 is more than his annual salary , and will be used to fix a bathroom that has been broken since a flood last year , maybe pay off a car , and fund his children ' s education .         
A major medical emergency has never occurred on the International Space Station - but what would happen if it did ?                                                       
Almost a quarter ( 23 . 1 per cent ) of the population over 16 years old in Kent are estimated to be either increasing or higher risk of drinking across Kent , according to Public Health England figures from 2012 .             
It doesn ' t matter how you approach the issue , there is a clear need for help and assistance .                                                       
When Jones revealed the names of his 33 men two weeks ago he also said that he informed " some players " that they hadn ' t made the cut .                                   
But you cannot be in a big team if you cannot deal with the pressure of being with a club that wants to win the title .                                           
You could tell he had his heart set on what he was doing , and whatever it took , he was going do it .                                               
The poll found Marco Rubio receiving 16 percent support , Ben Carson receiving 10 percent support , and all other candidates drawing less than 5 percent support .                                         
' We will take all necessary measures including additional sanctions by the UN Security Council so that the North will pay the price for the nuclear test ,' she said in a statement .                             
But a few days ago we lost a game we should not have lost against Manchester United so here we took something back .                                                 
" The key to the city , it ' s a symbol of trust ," Stewart said at the ceremony .                                                       
Now I ' ve got kids [ ages 4 and 7 ], so it was important for me to make some moves that I couldn ' t reverse .                                       
The good news is , it ' s perfectly natural first thing , the problem can be what do you do if you have it all of the time ?                                     
The site is one of the country ' s largest underground natural - gas storage facilities and can hold enough natural gas to fuel Southern California for a month .                                     
A statement from the mayor of London ' s office said any person sleeping rough in the city was a cause for concern and something Johnson took extremely seriously .                                     
The Syrian conflict , which began in early 2011 with protests against Assad ' s rule , has turned into an all - out war that has killed a quarter of a million people and displaced millions in nearly five years of fighting .         
She said : " We know that vehicles not properly maintained can produce air pollution at levels far higher than they should .                                                     
Thomson made the point he was " lucky " to have played in his era : partly because they did not have to play as often , partly because they did not have the same level of scrutiny as current players .             
" As a player , I remember those finals and the pride you get from representing your club and winning things with them ," he said .                                           
The Democratic presidential candidate has repeatedly insisted that no classified information was sent or received through her private email server .                                                       
The 25 - year - old man went to his doctor after suffering painful symptoms in his left eye for two weeks .                                                   
" We had an emergency , and it was very important to send a message to families in Central America , ' Do not let your children take this very dangerous journey ' because a lot of children did not make it ," Clinton said in Nevada .   
While managing our income is vital to running household finances , it could be argued that keeping a closer eye on our tax is even more important .                                         
" He ' s always looking to take whatever position it takes to win votes or raise money , and we ' re not going to beat Hillary Clinton with someone that will say or do anything to get elected ," he said .         
" Yes , two : to be more with my family , with my little kids and closer to who I consider family ," he said .                                           
Their values are my values and I am proud to ride for a team that has shown that you can win the biggest bike races in the world clean .                                     
We met up about a month later and had a great time , we had a lot in common and we are still good friends today .                                           
If she didn ' t ask [ Trump ] something like that , somebody else would have along the way .                                                       
The bill , currently being considered by Parliament , sets new rules for industrial action including requiring 40 % of those eligible to vote to back strikes in key areas such as health and education .                         
Clinton , the front - runner for the Democratic presidential nomination , has repeatedly maintained that she did not send or receive classified material on her personal account .                                       
" I would ask the American people to think about how they can get our government to change these laws ," he said .                                                 
I ' d like to learn German so I can move on in society and start to look for a job .                                                     
And he ' ll stop illegal immigration by building a wall on our Southern border that Mexico will pay for .                                                       
She recalled that , " the first time I had a panic attack I was sitting in my friend ' s house , and I thought the house was burning down .                                   
We ' ve created three new governor seats , to be nominated by the president , and voted on by the board .                                                   
But Judge Williams told him : " You next need to be back at this court on Thursday , March 3 , for further consideration of your case .                                         
The ongoing strength of the U . S . dollar makes any revenue earned abroad worth less when brought back into the U . S .                                             
But I have never had a day off sick in my entire life , and it ' s the same with him .                                                   
The square was evacuated , he said , " and then later these events take place and they wait for complaints .                                                       
Indeed , there will be people who need to have an operation for cancer - it will be difficult to guarantee that every patient will be kept safe .                                       
People don ' t realize how tough it is to come from nothing when you don ' t have any family or any friends .                                               
The company is expected to announce the appointment of two new members to its board of directors this week , one of whom is expected to be a " high - profile media personality ," according to reports .                   
Because of bad road conditions , four horses remain on the property and are being fed by rescue volunteers until it ' s safe to transport them .                                         
' I ' m one of the young ones but pretty soon there won ' t be anyone left ,' he says .                                                   
" The FBI ' s investigation is ongoing so it would not be appropriate to provide details at this time ," the statement said .                                               
He said : " You go into a one - off game in the quarter - final and they ' re all good teams who have come through .                                         
The country has become one of the European Union ' s external trading partners in goods and it ranks second overall in terms of total trade .                                           
But the result is another streaming TV show , which many viewers probably never heard of before Sunday , is now on the map .                                               
For much of the spring and summer , climate change was the big factor pushing U . S . temperatures above normal .                                                   
Energy stocks gained ground as the price of U . S . crude rose $ 1 . 10 , or 3 . 7 percent , to close at $ 31 . 45 a barrel in New York .                     
My advice to Malcolm Turnbull is if you pull off the band - aid now , most people would be pleased with that .                                                 
That ' s not great if your local currency has lost up to half of its value against the dollar .                                                       
A winter storm warning for San Diego County mountains above 4 , 500 feet will remain in effect through Thursday evening .                                                     
" That parents are able to enjoy reading has a knock - on effect for their children ," she added .                                                       
I could understand it , but at the same time it was something I couldn ' t want for myself , and could never do .                                             
The video content is being released in four launch markets -- the United States , U . K ., Germany , and Sweden .                                                 
We think it adds some value and we are actually considering whether we bring another aircraft in to provide further assistance .                                                     
A three - set win looked possible after he took the opener and fought back from 4 - 1 down in the second to earn two break points at 4 - 4 .                               
In his first comments since the deal took effect , Iran ' s highest authority made clear that Washington should still be treated with suspicion .                                             
He faces the most serious charge of all - second - degree murder , which carries a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison .                                               
" It ' s not a New Year ' s resolution or anything like that , we just like to keep fit and active ," Anthony Wood , 40 , said .                                 
" If she ' s playing her best tennis , I don ' t think anyone can really play at her level ," she said .                                             
And that is incredible because I never thought -- I mean I didn ' t know what to expect because this kind of series that are done to show internet , I mean it ' s kind of like very new .             
So , maybe it ' s time to break things off with your smartphone - or at least start keeping it in your bag .                                               
You reach a point in your life when you ' re comfortable with who you are and you don ' t need to prove anything to anybody .                                         
It is fun to be around him , there ' s no question about it , and I know he ' s a great coach .                                             
At these game nights , no one was allowed to mention politics or the war , but that did not stop the conflict from pulling the family apart .                                       
I had been waiting for someone to say or do something that would make me better - but I realised I had to be the one to make the change .                                   
Federal investigators are looking into the Democratic presidential candidate ' s email set - up amid concerns that classified information may have passed through the system .                                           
The new signing retired from international rugby following South Africa ' s third - place finish at last year ' s World Cup , his fourth tournament in an 86 - cap Test career .                           
In this strange primary season , there is little relationship between money spent on ads and poll numbers for candidates , at least on the Republican side .                                         
At some point they hear what you ' re saying or they learn , and part of it is just growing up .                                                   
There have been almost daily Palestinian attacks against Israeli civilians and soldiers over the past three and a half months .                                                       
My family came over at Christmas and maybe I ' ve got to a point where I want to be closer to home again .                                               
Syrian rebels said they hold the Syrian government and Russia responsible should the peace talks fail to bring an end to the civil war that has torn the country completely apart .                                 
I really thought that I needed every single book that I have ever read [ but ] my apartment feels so different and the books that I have kept all mean something to me .                           
The shop is near to a busy road and at this time there may have been a few people about .                                                       
He ' s not reading a speech , he ' s looking at the menu , and you can see on his face he ' s quite happy about what he ' s about to have for dinner .                   
One of the big improvements in Murray ' s game in recent times has been his second serve , and Djokovic said he would be prepared for that .                                       
The question is , with so much else to work through for the next few years , how competitive that will be .                                                   
Although the law has been in place since 2006 , just a handful of patients take advantage each year - the NHS does not collect figures on those travelling abroad for treatment .                               
You turn on the tape , and that team was starting to put itself in position to make that playoff run .                                                     
Marco Rubio is also up in this poll , sitting in third place and has a 5 - point lead over Ben Carson , 8 points behind Cruz .                                       
You sort of have to get away from everything that you learn growing up and try for a new technique , in a way .                                               
A friend of Mr Johnson ' s said last night : " Boris is determined to finish his term as Mayor and won ' t do anything until that is over .                                   
With the right basketball management and coach in place , we are going to create a winning culture and identity and give Brooklyn a team that it can be proud of and enjoy watching .                           
A nuclear - armed North Korea is such a bad idea that it ' s something even China and Russia can agree with the US on .                                           
In the first round of France ' s recent regional elections , the far - right National Front won the largest vote .                                                   
The injury will leave Edwards , 29 , with little time to prove his fitness for this summer ' s European Championship .                                                   
The former first lady and U . S . secretary of state has been the front - runner in the Democratic race .                                                   
If it takes any longer than this , your new provider must start paying you the higher rate after 15 days .                                                     
Under the law , it is up to employers to prove a man ' s higher pay is based on factors other than gender .                                               
Now the president has had the chance to catch up with one of his favourite artists in the Oval Office to discuss issues facing the youth of the country .                                     
I was lucky enough to start very early and be encouraged by my family , but I don ' t think it ' s ever too late to give it a go !                               
Still , impressive though these techniques all sound , most of the technology in this design is still decades away from seeing the light of day .                                           
I didn ' t realize it at the time , but on those trips , I became a student in a master class on how to have a solid relationship .                                   
The so - called excess profit scheme has been on hold since 2015 , when the EU announced its investigation .                                                       
The strength you ' ve shown in telling your story and , you know , being here tonight is remarkable , and so -- really proud of you for that .                                   
It meant he missed the British and Irish Lions ' tour to Australia that year - which he had been selected for .                                                   
If members of the public decide to take the law into their own hands then they risk the possibility of being arrested themselves .                                                 
He hasn ' t had to do the work the rest of us have to do but ... he probably knows how lucky he is .                                             
But even if I don ' t win , I really can take away that I ' ve been really consistent , and I want to continue that .                                       
He highlighted weak industry and manufacturing figures but said that as long as consumer spending holds up the first three months of 2016 should be positive .                                           
Here is a look at what is driving the crisis and what the new year may hold for Europe ' s migrants .                                                   
Seven months on from the procedure , her vision is still improving and it is hoped that one day she will be able to recognise her son and daughter again .                                   
" The people will need to be able to use the land and resources without fear as free men and women ," he said .                                               
The period July to September was down 13 . 5 per cent on the year , with the value of properties dropping by 16 . 6 per cent .                                       
But the guys on the team kept telling me to stay aggressive and keep shooting it and it went down when we needed it .                                               
In 2006 I had an episode bad enough that , for the first time , I was unable to go to work .                                                   
" They won ' t meet anyone ," said a Kurdish official who tried to secure access to the company for the Guardian .                                                 
And I think there is a difference when you see something with an audience , so I wanted to sit through it .                                                   
They could also book out an entire island in the area for between $ 12 , 000 and $ 23 , 000 a night .                                               
People in the eastern part of the United States face a huge clear - up operation on Monday following a massive snow storm that brought many cities to a halt .                                   
" If I ' d seen them closing , that ' s all it would have taken for me to crack ," he said .                                               
Other glass from the original windows went to another church , where it was destroyed in the second world war .                                                       
The plan has been in the pipeline for some time - it was originally going to be published last autumn .                                                       
They have all the areas covered and this is a really good opportunity for a young , developing side to taste success overseas .                                                 
The city will need to restore basic infrastructure like electricity and running water , as well as its residents ' sense of security .                                                 
" I moved here from Sydney two years ago to get away from stuff like this and people should be concerned because there are lots of people ," he said .                                   
In Wisconsin , Gov . Scott Walker survived a recall election in 2012 , becoming the first governor in U . S . history to do so .                                         
This is a cup competition , though , and it would be a waste of time to be in it and not try to win it .                                           
The women received $ 4 . 2 million in a legal settlement from the city of Los Angeles , along with money to buy a new truck .                                         
We ' ve just got to move on , it ' s part of the game , and it ' s always going to happen , that kind of stuff .                                   
Image caption The Independent says Iran is under growing pressure to agree to the immediate release of three British citizens from prison on humanitarian grounds amid fears that at least two of them may die behind bars .                     
Blake ' s remains and the remains of her two young children were found buried on the property , police said .                                                     
The idea is that a driver would be able to feel for the right button without having to look at the screen .                                                   
What people forget is that only the institutions and national governments can go to court , so if the political will is there to do a deal , the courts effectively don ' t matter .                         
Speaking of dangerous on the road we want to take you to a stretch of highway in Kentucky where an urgent situation is playing out .                                             
In 2014 - 15 the number of new students from outside the EU fell by 3 %, even as the number of foreign students worldwide rose strongly .                                         
The question is , with so much criticism suggesting the show does more harm than good , whether it should return at all ?                                                 
Three people have been arrested in connection with the killing of a Syrian journalist in southern Turkey , according to Turkish state media .                                                 
The new survey also shows Trump supporters are committed : 51 percent say they ' re absolutely certain they ' ll vote for him , while three in 10 say there ' s a large chance they ' ll vote for him .           
It would be great to get a couple of wins , not only for myself but for my country " he said .                                                   
" I ' m moving into a bit more contact stuff now and once I ' m into that I can enter the main group and start training again , but that ' ll probably be a few weeks off yet ," he said .       
It just feels like I ' m competing to the best of my ability and that ' s all I can ask for .                                                 
My dad did stress that they wouldn ' t pull a gun on them [ officers ] unless they pulled a gun .                                                   
Carter said Thursday ' s announcement put the military in a " very far , forward position " in terms of being an attractive career path for parents with children or individuals hoping to have a family one day .                 
One of those responsible for drawing up the guidelines is Jamie Wilson , the Guardian ' s head of international news .                                                     
The 17 - year - old , whose father Mark describes as his " best friend ," was the last West Australian to be killed off our coast , a year ago .                               
If this was to happen , even though we have lived here for 12 years , we would consider moving house .                                                     
It was fun , but I really don ' t like to lose , so at the end of the day I wish we could done better .                                         
But if I had not responded as I did , I would have been charged that extra money ," he pointed out .                                                   
Still , there ' s a sense of anxiety over whether Sanders can pull in voters who aren ' t even on their radar .                                               
The woman in the other car was able to lock herself into her vehicle before the men could get inside .                                                       
Dr Fox also warned that migrants linked to mass sex attacks in Germany will be able to move to Britain if the UK remains part of the EU .                                       
Last week , as Mr Turnbull prepared for the trip , Australia said it was among 40 countries being pressed by the US to boost their military contributions in Iraq and Syria against ISIS after the deadly terrorist attack in Paris in November .         
And now that the western world is getting to how it feels in my country , to be vulnerable every moment , now violence has to stop being fun .                                     
And if we don ' t give it attention , we ' re going to have these issues , this racist infrastructure that we ' re going to have to deal with from generation to generation .                       
There ' s always that risk if you challenge it now ... you may end up with three weeks or it could go your way and you end up with none or one .                             
If I won I ' d buy myself a house ... and my sister runs her own business so I ' d help her with that .                                           
We ' d hate the food to be thrown out , it can ' t be frozen and needs to be used by Monday .                                               
The new album took a long time to make - three years - but in the end it came together very quickly .                                                   
He talked about his music and early life including how he had given up drugs and alcohol because of their impact on his relationships .                                               
First time offenders could continue to be offered the chance to attend police safety courses to avoid an endorsement on their licence .                                                   
I have lots to do over the next three months to try and claim that seat but when I started I had no idea if going to the Olympics was possible .                                 
I mean Melbourne is the sporting capital of the world after all aren ' t they , just ask them .                                                       
But this can only be seen if we know exactly what we are doing , on which animals and if we do it for the long term .                                         
" We know it was stolen ; how many hands it may have passed through in the last couple of years , we do not know ," Mr Ross said .                                   
I ' ve now given the player permission to talk to them and we ' ll see what comes of that .                                                     
Stuart has had challenges with having a baby as well , so it ' s great that he has come through that .                                                   
Putin made similar comments last year , but Russian officials subsequently denied that Moscow provided military aid to the Syrian opposition groups that Putin had mentioned .                                           
" If the past is any indication of the future in terms of these three people , I think America would be in trouble ," Graham said .                                         
Not only did they win the tournament , but they played some good rugby along the way and they like to attack at every opportunity .                                             
It was well below analysts ' average forecast of $ 1 . 56 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S .                                         
The outcome of this review will determine whether additional tickets can be provided and we can only hope that the decision will be made with little further delay , allowing our supporters to make travel arrangements if tickets do become available .             
The fact this remained the case for as long as it did was due to the 15 - minute break for half - time .                                               
And , two , you see you ' re brothers struggling out there and going through this you want to get out there and , three , you never want anybody to come out there and go right back out .               
Without that tough pre - season I might not have been in the position I was to get the games I have had .                                                 
Over the last few years - with him living in New York and me in London - our connection was by email .                                                   
Why would the Afghan government help the Taliban repair their image by talking on international platforms and acting like it is a legitimate power ?                                               
Bowie had kept a low profile after having emergency heart surgery in 2004 and it was not publicly known that he had cancer .                                                 
This was a new experience for most of us and we ' ve had a lot of fun along the way .                                                     
There will , the former Real player said , a commitment to an " attacking touch " in the team ' s play in keeping with his own style on the pitch .                               
They would ask us questions from time to time that seemed to indicate they were trying to make sure we weren ' t there for any illegal activities , that they would certainly notice any strange behavior or breaking of any rules if it were to happen . 
Just because the election is close doesn ' t necessarily mean that we know what ' s going to happen - particularly because the polling is so close .                                       
If you spend all your time thinking about money , chances are , you ' re going to get pretty good at thinking about money .                                             
This post has been updated to reflect Federal government is closed Monday ; we initially predicted a 90 percent chance it would close .                                                 
That idea was discussed by Mr Cameron and Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , in a phone call last Monday , but the Telegraph understands the minimum salary bar was set " too low to be useful " to the British side .         
I ' m absolutely delighted to score it in this new year ' s Test match at such an iconic venue .                                                     
The Government plans to launch a text message alert service similar to those used by Amazon and other online retailers that will alert people about public services .                                         
The most important thing in the short term is to win some football matches and to get everyone back on a high again .                                                 
And last month the UK ' s chief medical officer cut the recommended alcohol limit to 14 units a week for both men and women .                                             
We have also raised the all - important question of giving more young English players a chance to play at the top level in this country .                                           
On the Today programme the day David Bowie died , Jeremy Corbyn was one of the first to be asked for his reaction but not quite the first .                                       
He ' s so confident in drones that he put out an idea that goes beyond drones merely delivering routine household items .                                                   
Germany has faced criticism in the past for laws that place a higher value on personal privacy than public interest .                                                       
Most managers don ' t take their first job until around then and I ' ve already had experiences most managers won ' t get in a lifetime .                                       
He has also picked up a couple of other things with his immune system being quite low so that has not helped him either .                                               
In his New Year message , the Prime Minister asked us if we think we ' d be more secure in or out of the EU .                                           
A British man has been ordered to give police 24 hours notice before he has sex , according to media reports .                                                     
The new measures also contain a number of technical changes designed to allow regularly scheduled flights between the U . S . and Cuba , a potentially massive change agreed upon by the two countries late last year .                   
He believes the government in should be in charge of you and your doctor and that Washington should decide what healthcare you get and if you get medication .                                       
It was too late then but the club have continued to let it be known they would be interested in buying him if he ever became available .                                         
He was initially arrested under the country ' s race hate laws and could have faced up to five years in prison .                                                   
" Democrats and Republicans used to agree on this ," he said in last year ' s State of the Union .                                                     
She realised that her identity was secure and this new , seemingly overwhelming environment , was not really a serious threat to her and her identity .                                           
By contrast , the average amount of salary going on a monthly season ticket for a similar journey is two per cent in Italy , three per cent in Spain and four per cent in Germany .                       
With a close race predicted between Cruz and Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire , along with Sanders ' growing momentum in those states , this may be the opening Bloomberg was looking for .                           
In the last couple of years , China had begun allowing , even encouraging , companies and people to invest more of their wealth overseas .                                             
Hillary Clinton ' s time came exactly a week out from the first votes being cast in the race to the White House .                                                 
Ms . Davies , the chief medical officer , defended the guidelines as good science based on solid evidence , and said that other countries would follow Britain ' s example .                                 
This has already played out in America - last year was record year for car sales - with the low fuel prices helping boost demand .                                             
Maybe so , but whether the Scottish Government wins this one in the end I do think that they - and we - are due some form of explanation from the drinks manufacturers .                             
If the content they want is not available on a legitimate service , many users will resort to their old ways .                                                     
But other questions , like how much snow the storm will bring to New York City , are more difficult to answer this early .                                               
It is located a few kilometres outside Barcelona ' s historic Old Town , close to the port area , and is popular .                                                 
Four Syrian migrants arrived in Britain this week from the camp in Calais after a landmark ruling by a UK court which could see more crossing the Channel .                                       
One thing I can tell you about the people in Flint is they ' re tough , and they are built for it .                                                 
In the eight inner - most districts of Central London there are now 38 buildings providing some 4 , 000 hotel - style apartments .                                               
The human brain has a capacity that is ten times greater than first thought and can retain 4 . 7 billion books , scientists have discovered .                                           
The lessons apply beyond Michigan : Two years ago , in West Virginia , chemicals leaked into a river about a mile from the largest water treatment plant in the state .                                 
Mr Obama recently directed staff at the White House to look into potential executive actions , such as expanding background checks .                                                     
We ' ve really built a home , and an exciting business , and we ' re delighted that people want to come and share it with us .                                       
The funny thing about public life is that people say , well , you ' ve got to make sure that no special treatment is given .                                           
A study released this month by Michigan State University found a quarter of kids , ages 12 to 16 , have experienced some form of sexual harassment from friends on the Internet .                               
The equipment broke down near the Reagan National Airport station while workers were doing regularly scheduled track work , Metro said on Twitter .                                                 
We will never accept anything arrived at in secret and based on the evidence not tested in an open court of law .                                                   
We have had some disappointing results but we are all very much together and we will go forward with confidence .                                                       
" People who have less income trying to win more is not surprising ," he told news . com . au .                                                     
I just want them to change the sign but it ' s been up there for a week and no one has done anything .                                               
Still , a significant minority of Americans , certainly a larger portion of the population than in most countries , take seriously a citizen ' s duty to understand our democracy .                                 
( San Antonio ) plays well at home and they got a lot of confidence early on by hitting some shots .                                                     
All three are different options and all three desperate for it to be them who gets selected ," said Cook .                                                       
Its plans for India have been held back due to restrictions on foreign investment in the retail industry , which require single brand overseas retailers to buy close to a third of the goods sold at their stores from local producers .             
The Ministry called me back shortly afterwards to report that the aircraft had developed " technical problems " and the flight had been cancelled a few minutes before departure .                                     
... There was a debate , and Reagan failed to show while the other six G . O . P . candidates put on an impressive performance .                                         
We have a great deal of work to do to set up our franchise for long - term success , and we will continue to do everything in our power to move this organization forward .                         
The sell - off has cast a dark cloud over the U . S . economy , particularly after the Federal Reserve acted late last year to raise short - term interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade .             
Indeed , if the UK delays too long in raising interest rates , the pound could slip further against the euro and the dollar .                                               
The region has seen the loss of 65 , 000 oil and gas industry jobs over the past 18 months as the price of oil has fallen to about $ 30 per barrel .                             
They have the second lowest unemployment rate in the EU and one of the fastest growing economies , both rates at about 4 . 5 per cent at the end of 2015 .                               
" They may well say it is safe from a technical perspective , but companies must pay attention to other matters ," he said .                                               
After coming back from his crash at the Tour of Britain he struggled , but he ' s working hard .                                                       
When it announced the planned restrictions last week , the Turkish foreign ministry made clear its land border would remain open to migrants , a policy in place since the start of the Syrian civil war in 2011 .                   
Most of our children are on the street now , not going to school because we cannot pay for them to go to school .                                               
Yet another investigation released last month revealed apparent links between the Russian prosecutor general and the country ' s most notorious organized crime family .                                               
" We have heard your voices , we have heard your concerns , and we have taken action on your behalf ," the union said in a statement .                                       
But we ' re doing a thing we love and we ' re doing it together , you couldn ' t wish for anything more .                                             
4 that her employment was up for review and she planned to address the issue at a Chicago - area church on Wednesday .                                                 
Just last week the Labor Department released a knock - out jobs report , which confirmed that the past two years " of jobs growth was the best the U . S . has enjoyed since the late 1990s .                 
Clinton turned over the records to the State Department in December 2014 , nearly two years after leaving office , in response to a request from the department .                                       
The pair appeared close at Saturday ' s event - not for the first time in recent months - as they arrived together and held hands .                                           
The cause of the initial fire is under investigation , but investigators said initial signs point to an issue with the truck ' s battery system .                                           
He wants to develop , he ' s still only 26 , and he ' d like to get back in the national team .                                               
After the shooting , the U . S . Justice Department said it was looking into possible federal civil rights violations in the case .                                               
A spokeswoman for the French data protection authority , which heads the group of regulators , said negotiations were still ongoing and a final decision would only be taken on Feb .                                 
He was described as a pilot in the French military during World War II and a civil engineer early in his career .                                                   
" I knew she had beaten a lot of good players these two weeks ," the world No 6 said .                                                       
If we feel something ' s preventing that from happening , we ' ll look into it for you and take appropriate action .                                                 
" We live ," he declared , " in a completely different world than we did 12 months ago ," arguing that conventional economic measures such as GDP are failing to capture what is really going on .                       
Cruz is the front - runner in Iowa , where he just wrapped up a six - day bus tour around the state .                                                 
Then , success : the woman signed a commit - to - vote card , promising to support Clinton in the New Hampshire primary on Feb .                                           
I simply can ' t be the leader that the party needs in order to be competitive in 2017 because my time at my business takes me away from that .                                   
The question of what kind of care doctors themselves would receive is often on patients ' and families ' minds , the researchers say .                                               
The 500 pages of documents begin with Mr Clinton calling the new prime minister hours after his 1997 victory and end in late 2000 as the president was preparing to hand over the White House to George W Bush .                 
If the best measure of a president is the choices he or she makes in office , it ' s the best way to measure any person seeking the job , too .                               
His substantial report will be published on Thursday and is expected to confirm those allegations although it may not directly point the finger at Mr Putin .                                           
If it ends up with Sanders versus Trump , or Sanders versus Cruz , I think Bloomberg would see an opening there .                                                   
We get a lot of different types of people , with a high number of cultural producers from writers to teachers ," he adds .                                               
Another poll that came out just the other day had me beating Donald by 15 points , Hillary Clinton beating him by 10 points .                                               
Brady did not question the game plan that called for him to pass the ball just five times in the first half .                                                   
Jessica is right to take the view that financial investments at present are unlikely to be as cost effective as buying a property .                                                 
Bernie Sanders was in " overall very good health " at the time of his last physical , health records show .                                                     
It was the first school shooting in Canada since 2007 , when a 15 - year - old boy was killed in a Toronto high school .                                           
At first the answer seemed that it was because they couldn ' t meet the physical standards : for example , the number of pull - ups required .                                       
I ' m not sure he ' s going to make much money on his ideas , but I ' ve often said that having a business - even part - time - is a very good tax idea .                 
That was far more than his competitors on the main stage , even though Trump did not attend the debate .                                                       
I ' m sure she would have rather let him go on and do it but she must have known she would have to deal with the consequences .                                       
" It was time to get her away from the area just to see if it ' s going to fix or help the situation ," he said .                                       
We have an unprecedented [ number of ] volunteers going into Iowa and New Hampshire and Nevada , Minnesota , Colorado and Virginia .                                                 
Cruz said , in a challenge designed to eat into Trump ' s news cycle after announcing the news later Tuesday .                                                     
If you use your hands , you ' d be surprised how quickly you can get to a ball , where if you have a lot of body movement , by the time you swing , the ball is by you .             
I think we have a lot of points we need to come to terms with ... But we should have been paying attention long before this .                                           
But in the same way in the modern game , young players need to be in the position that they want to stay in the club .                                           
It follows a 2 . 6 per cent drop in the previous three months and comes after a disappointing performance last year , when sales fell 3 . 1 per cent .                                 
I ' m just having to believe in myself that all the work that I ' ve done , it ' s the right one , and I ' m strong enough and competitive enough to also beat those guys .               
But now she is facing the consequences of a million migrants already here and quite likely another million to come this year .                                                   
" As investors and first - time buyers often compete for similar properties , if you are in a position where you can wait out , it may make sense for some people to do so ," said Marshall .                 
I think United ' s results don ' t show how well they have played - they have done OK and just not got the results .                                           
Children in the best primary schools were found to have made the equivalent of 10 months more progress by the end of their first year compared to those in the worst schools .                               
It was time for the big question : How to order from a menu that has just about everything on it ?                                                     
I don ' t have much more to add , other than the fact that like so many other people , I found out the news on an Apple product and am writing this on another one .                     
The standards do not extend to existing infrastructure , which will account for 90 percent of oil and gas industry emissions by 2018 .                                                 
This is down from 52 . 5 in November , and the sector ' s 16 - month peak of 55 . 5 in October .                                             
Oklahoma State , the only team to beat Kansas each of the past three seasons , had lost four straight games and was in danger of falling to . 500 for the season .                             
He was the second son of Charles I and the younger brother of Charles II , who died without any legitimate children .                                                   
She said the project will not investigate cases itself but will work with existing institutions and provide technical tools to support their work .                                                 
But if women are not hired for big projects , they can ' t get that experience they ' re told that they need .                                               
The spokesman could not confirm the number of suspects or even say for certain that other people were involved with carrying out the attacks .                                               
If you want to go it alone rather than using an adviser , there are a few tools online that you can use to help .                                             
Rob has had a massive impact in terms of the player I am with the amount of support he has given me .                                                   
She ' s had some high - profile wins since and some big losses , including on Donald Trump ' s current national spokesperson ' s congressional bid .                                       
And , even as I write this , the weekend of 9 and 10 January is starting to look promising , with some of the ski centres reporting heavy snow already falling and more in the forecast .                     
He had a 26 - 21 mark in three seasons with the Eagles after signing a five - year , $ 32 . 5 million contract to leave the University of Oregon in 2013 .                             
He can get yards and make big plays so you have to make sure the pocket is tight when you ' re rushing against him , but you still have to be aggressive .                             
Democrats say they want to hear more about Obama ' s executive actions on guns , while Republicans just want the speech to be over with .                                           
Today we are following the route of progress for the chosen ones , and that is how we are going to reach war .                                                 
It is understood up to nine people , including seven crew members , were taken ill during the incident , although none required hospital treatment after landing .                                         
And that ' s why , at the end of my term , I am probably the only person in the country who people fight to come and see .                                     
I am not here to think about how a player is in the future , we have to work in this moment and together with Daniel on his fitness .                                     
However , Mr Cameron issued a plea for businesses and charities not to delay making the case for continued EU membership until after the " negotiations " were complete , in contrast to his Cabinet colleagues .                       
Every month , we get to enter a draw to ask cabinet ministers a question - about 1 in 20 is successful .                                                   
The van was less effective than the truck and ended up being swept away by the high waters and carried to a stop sign , where it came to rest .                                   
I wish so much I was there with them all , not least because there is a man among them who ' s the same age as me .                                       
Police re - opened the stations a few hours later and have said they do not know if the suspects even exist .                                                   
Williams stuck to his forecast for U . S . unemployment to continue to fall this year and for inflation to start rising back to the Fed ' s 2 - percent target .                             
The right partner will share our vision and the funding will help us invest in the latest technology , new infrastructure , business systems , business development and new talent .                                   
The strikes threatened travel chaos in the capital as part of the long - running row over pay and conditions for the planned 24 - hour weekend service , which was supposed to begin last September .                       
The truth is , I don ' t think it matters because there ' s so much time involved once you get to a nominee that it ' s all sort of ancient history .                           
I want politicians who care enough about issues and people to be brought to tears every once in a while .                                                       
" At the time I took my actions , I truly believed there was a need for these materials ," he said .                                                   
But we didn ' t know by how much , and we didn ' t have a basis for how that might change in the future .                                           
The changes announced on Tuesday , the third round of such measures , reflect Washington ' s stated goal of meeting the needs of the Cuban people while also creating business opportunities for U . S . companies .                   
Obama made it clear he does not expect gun laws to change during his remaining year in office , but pledged to do what he can to make gun control a theme in the months leading up to the November election to replace him .       
I spoke to him a few days ago about the situation , which I like to do always with my key players , and he ' s one of them .                                   
More than 45 years after his death , a star of several classic British films has a new claim to fame .                                                     
He was on his A - game and , if he keeps striking it like that , I ' m going to have to make up for it somewhere else .                                   
He ' s around us every day and he felt like , as good as we can be , we weren ' t reaching our potential to this point .                                     
When that didn ' t work , the answer was to find Atlantic City a new vice to profit from .                                                       
" Or maybe if you ' re black ," she continued , " start singing like a country singer and be a white person .                                                 
The company is hoping to win a number of new public sector contracts , often through third parties , over the coming year .                                                 
It will apply in particular to the energy sector , where we have the need to save the planet from climate change .                                                   
That can mean more training for different roles , and offering new jobs to people inside the company before looking elsewhere .                                                     
However , when you turn up in your party dress , it is usually something which needs to be admitted .                                                       
Pennsylvania , Tennessee , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina and Georgia have declared states of emergency , a way to quickly bring in needed resources after the storm .                                     
Andy Murray is not getting carried away by his perfect start at the Australian Open and insists he can play even better .                                                   
But somebody said that as you get older you become the person you always should have been , and I feel that ' s happening to me .                                         
One analyst estimated , based on the revenue estimates Apple provided , that it will sell 50 million to 52 million units in the March quarter .                                           
The survey also shows 52 % of New Hampshire Democrats say they have definitely decided who they will vote for in the primaries .                                                 
More than 34 million lost or stolen European travel documents are known to the authorities , but the true number is likely to be far higher .                                           
If you go away and play against them , you have to have at least 10 of your players playing to their maximum to get a result .                                         
" When agents are involved it ' s usually a case of us starting at one end , them at the other and us finding somewhere in the middle ," he said .                               
But when you get to Year 19 and you deal with some injuries and things going on ... it would be a good way to go out .                                         
Since 2010 , Amazon has invested more than $ 16 . 3 billion on infrastructure and operations in Europe , with more than $ 6 . 6 billion invested in the UK .                               
We also need to make our presence felt to sell our goods to a country of 80 million that is about to emerge from under the weight of UN - imposed sanctions .                               
The 30 - year fixed rate has fallen 22 basis points in the past month and is at its lowest level since late October .                                               
I watch a lot of sport and I played a lot of it , especially tennis , but I had to give it up because I had trouble with my knee .                                 
We have been focusing on our own game making sure that all areas are as good as can be on the day .                                                   
" So even if you ' re thinking about another candidate the simple reality is there is only one campaign that can beat Trump ," Cruz said .                                         
I spoke to a few of the boys a few days later , but at the time I felt it was best for me to stay clear .                                         
Top ten has been a long - time goal for me so if I can get in there , then that ' s great .                                               
" I think the biggest piece of advice my father probably told me was " it ' s not the money you earn , it ' s the money you save ,"" he said .                           
I probably had bags under my eyes and towards the end I wasn ' t sleeping very well ," she says .                                                     
" It said to have taken place over a considerable period of time - at least since May 2015 ," he said .                                                   
The measures require approval in Parliament , but Chancellor Angela Merkel ' s coalition holds a majority there and they are expected to pass easily .                                             
It could be fatal for Merkel , officials in Berlin acknowledge in private , if such an attack were carried out successfully by people who entered Europe with the flood of migrants , as was the case with two of the men involved in the Nov .   
Today , a full century after thousands of women served in the hospitals and joined the workforce of an Australia at war .                                                   
The information we have received is that they are known to each other and that the woman was a resident at the address .                                                 
" It ' s like her mouth starts driving before her brain gets in the car ," he says one time .                                                     
" It was always going to be tough in that group but the Wales game was the key one and you look back at it and the selection and style of play definitely did change ," he says .                   
Beijing ' s answer has been for everyone to run up a lot more debt - and by " a lot ," I mean four times as much .                                       
Once you find it , it is a matter of resources and time to create stem cells on a larger scale .                                                     
Among other matters , the book dealt with the sometimes competing demands of law , privacy , national security , doctor - patient relationships and the public ' s right to know .                               
For what it ' s worth , I think Ferguson was ahead of his time in terms of his playing style .                                                     
One year , many campaign stops and $ 15 million of TV ads ago , the same poll had put Bush at 9 percent .                                               
I think he truly , truly understands what they want him to do and really gets it done on a pretty consistent basis .                                                 
Now that so much time has passed since his death in September 2014 , she is comfortable speaking openly about his disease .                                                   
WASHINGTON U . S . officials monitoring the Zika virus are most concerned about its potential impact on women who are pregnant or could become pregnant , the White House said on Thursday .                             
They have a lot more money than those other countries , but the thing that I think sets them apart is they have this training .                                             
With the 2016 tax season officially open , taxpayers are just beginning to think about getting their finances organized in time for the April 18 filing deadline .                                         
And the last team to win at least nine games by seven points or fewer en route to the Super Bowl ?                                                     
They never listen to me , but what I always tell them is the criticism will hurt you and the praise will kill you .                                               
Three vehicles were hit , including one head - on , and several people were injured , according to police . The exact number was not immediately clear .                                       
We ' re going to have to start looking at this , because there ' s a lot of bad things .                                                     
You have mentioned that you travel a lot with work , so you may find that your future career prospects are global rather than local .                                             
Let ' s start with the US S & P 500 , because that is still the key global index .                                                       
And I know it could have been worse in so many ways , and I ' m kicking myself for that .                                                     
This year , he ' s said he ' s likely to drop out of the presidential race if he doesn ' t place in the top three .                                       
Almost 60 percent said they had seen alcohol advertising online and 13 percent recognized at least one of five brand websites .                                                     
Once its safety is confirmed , the vaccine will move into phase one testing in humans - as soon as the end of 2016 .                                               
It ' s one of those things where we could have scored four or five every night , but we ' re not putting them in .                                           
On the way they stopped to get a drink at any bar they passed and he was drunk by time they got to the bar they were originally headed to .                                   
In January we are not even going to consider losing a member of our squad who has been important and who is going to be important in the second half of the season .                             
But for security reasons , officials usually halt traffic and close streets to the public when the president is on official business .                                                   
So now it ' s a lot different because you have 50 to 60 European players , 100 international players , so the game has been growing a lot and it ' s great for basketball .                       
If Obama wins when the court rules by the end of June , his administration would have just seven months to implement the program .                                               
The location on the eastern side of Thailand where the debris was found also means it is highly unlikely that the material is from the missing plane .                                         
It ' s fantastic being out here with what we ' re trying to do , and doing it well .                                                       
A lot of these programs are being developed through apps , and because technology is moving very quickly , we don ' t really know how effective some of these exercise programs are .                             
" The only thing I don ' t like about Apple , and you can ' t say much , is that why don ' t they make their product here ?" he asked .                           
At December ' s sales pace it would take 5 . 2 months to clear the supply of houses on the market , down from 5 . 6 months in November .                                 
He has already declined to sign a contract where he would have become one of the club ' s highest paid players .                                                   
But conservative women didn ' t have a problem with her running or potentially taking on a demanding role in the White House .                                                 
Just as he did for Obama in 2012 , Bill made a case for Hillary that was better than the candidate ' s case for herself .                                           
I didn ' t put anything on this match , I just wanted to come out and play the best level that I could , and give the best entertainment I could .                               
" At the end of the day I think if people want to have a comfortable retirement then they have to be prepared to pay what it costs ," he says .                                 
That ' s the way it is in terms of demands for Celtic and we have created that ourselves and the players have dealt with that more often than not .                                   
" I for weeks now have been saying that I believe he ' s going to be the nominee ," he said .                                                   
He has made clear that those who wish to serve under him must agree to do so on his terms .                                                       
I think when you put yourself in that position , if you ' re not going to do it then I don ' t see why you open your mouth and say you would do it .                       
Since this is a main reason they exist , you ' d think that they ' d be prepared to have a debate with the ­ president .                                         
Five - and six - year - olds preferred the second option : that is , they gave up a reward in exchange for having more than their peers .                                     
Her or him ?" asked New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie ( R ), who was holding his own campaign event in nearby Manchester .                                               
He ' s a professional and he ' s training very , very hard and I ' m sure he wants to get back playing , but I want to play as well .                             
But due to the lack of employment opportunities , many young people are forced to leave their home towns to search for jobs in the cities .                                           
" It ' s not a strategic decision but everyone I work with more or less is female ," she said .                                                     
The Ministry ' s website provides free information regarding how to file this type of claim by yourself or there are various lawyers who perform this service as well .                                     
Anthony , who played 30 minutes and was 5 - of - 14 from the floor , looked fresh at both ends .                                                   
We hope to be able to launch the service there next year ; and we ' ll continue to treat it sort of as its own territory .                                         
There were 17 , 000 tickets where players chose their own numbers ( from 1 to 45 back then ), rather than letting a computer do it for them .                                     
He added : " As you can see by the photo it is dangerous to be driving around like that , you don ' t have a view .                                         
When you ' re in the middle of doing something that matters to you , and someone asks you to stop doing it and pay attention to them , how do you feel ?                             
But bad news is always a surprise - it ' s only human to believe that what you hope for will actually happen .                                                 
12 % The $ 64 , 000 question is whether the U . S . is headed for a recession or not .                                                   
The woman , who is a co - owner of the house , is also alleged to have submitted a claim to her insurance company for the estimated fire damage of $ 350 , 000 as well as an additional $ 10 , 000 for temporary accommodation . 
Two more stars will be selected for each year by the Adelaide Festival Centre Trust and a panel of critics , focusing specifically on Australian artists .                                           
It says 42 per cent of small and medium - sized businesses report problems with their internet connections , at an estimated cost of £ 11 billion to the economy .                                   
In New Hampshire , the new Fox News poll puts Trump at 31 percent , Cruz at 14 percent , and Rubio at 13 percent .                                             
So in order to hold onto the houses , after buying it for a very lot of money , we decided to move in and look out for our property .                                   
And Netflix is just one of a number of online video services - Amazon Prime and Sky ' s own Now TV being two others - which target a generation of consumers who may never watch television traditionally .                   
" The pressure is on them and there ' s no way we ' re thinking we ' re not going to go through ," he said .                                         
But ask the families of 34 victims of gun violence what difference it would make to them to have their loved ones alive today .                                               
For much of the campaign , Clinton and analysts ruled Sanders out as being too left wing for middle America .                                                       
The new man has come in and like he did last time he has picked everyone up and you can see we have gone again .                                             
Though manufacturing remains a vital sector , services industries are beginning to play the same role that manufacturing did in the past .                                                   
No matter who Allen was talking to - a client , our boss , another professional - that person seemed really engaged in the conversation .                                             
Of course , she had a great opportunity in the last match but she earned that by winning her four previous matches .                                                   
On Monday , stocks in Shanghai fell 5 . 3 percent , and they ' re down 16 percent in the past six days .                                               
They ' re looking for someone who is a grown - up , a strong , tested leader who can get things done .                                                 
The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application or type for the competitive landscape analysis .                                                   
Just in December , the Saudi and Iranian foreign ministers sat directly across from each other during a high - level meeting in New York to talk about Syria .                                     
We ' re taking our time and doing a wide search , and I feel confident that we will end up with the right person for the job .                                       
This is reflected in the 76 percent of Americans who say that the government is run by a few big interests out for themselves , rather than for the benefit of all people .                             
Before the debate , Fox News said that Trump offered to appear at the debate if the network contributed $ 5 million to his new veterans charity .                                         
A third of small firms fear the burden of late payments will get worse over the next six months , a new survey has shown .                                             
He led most every national poll conducted in late 2014 and traded leads with Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker , among others , early in 2015 .                                           
There are entry - level cars and premium cars and sometimes these are more than a few hundred per cent more expensive than the entry - level cars .                                       
The agency on January 19 added care guidelines for pregnant women traveling to the same areas , including treatment advice for women confirmed to have Zika .                                           
France remains under a state of emergency since the deadly Islamic State terror attacks in Paris in November in which 130 people were killed .                                               
Cameron saw what happened in Scotland during 2013 / 14 when support for independence rose from less than 30 per cent to 45 per cent and it was more than enough to convince him a long campaign was a bad idea .             
" It has to be someone ," Carson thought , as he recalled it in an interview earlier last year .                                                       
What else could explain the fact that nearly two - thirds of Republican voters say their first choice is Donald Trump , Ben Carson , or Texas Sen . Ted Cruz ?                                 
But answer me this : How can I be racist when I don ' t even have a race myself ?                                                       
" There ' s people who would like it ... there ' s people who don ' t like it , but I will tell you that no one has ever actually asked me to do it ," the star was later quoted on Twitter .     
No we do not , but it is better to be inside the single market given that Britain is now a heavily service based economy whose leadership role in finance would suffer outside .                             
Other travel companies may say they are gay - friendly but when you look at the website , there are no gay couples holding hands , for example .                                       
To demonstrate that he was in touch with politics in the age of social media , Bush went on Facebook on Dec .                                                   
But how beautiful when we arrived - no buildings , no bars , just stunning beaches with a handful of people .                                                     
He said it had lost 25 per cent of the territory it had held in Iraq and ten per cent in Syria - a reduction from Pentagon estimates last month of 40 per cent and 20 per cent respectively .                 
The belief appears to be back at Chelsea , which looks a different side to the one that struggled under Mourinho .                                                     
One of the biggest things that we learned on the company side of things was that there were tools and people out there willing to help start - ups become better .                                 
Your way with words will open doors for you both in your personal life and at work but you should think twice before going through some of them .                                       
Federal regulations require all gun owners , who must be at least 18 years of age , to obtain a licence that includes a background check and a public safety course .                                 
This is the second year under the health law that large employers must offer affordable , minimum - value coverage or face penalties of up to $ 3 , 000 per worker .                               
And so it ' s no surprise that more and more of the establishment is beginning to support Donald Trump .                                                       
The father and grandmother ran after the accused , along with staff and members of the public who came to their assistance .                                                   
When you get older you look at things from a different perspective and I have been looking closer at the coaching and management side of things .                                           
On dates , they haven ' t decided whether to use the American way or the European ," she said .                                                       
Their guidance makes it clear for the first time that there is no " safe " level of alcohol consumption .                                                       
All we need is the starting cells , and then we have this factory that can then produce these growth factors over a much longer period of time .                                       
But , on the other , it ' s still worth thinking about what it is that ' s set off this latest sell - off .                                           
We just have to handle it the right way in terms of showing him as much respect as we possibly can for everything he ' s done for this organization .                                   
And like you saw last season with us in the Scottish Cup semi - final , it is about small details .                                                     
But critics , including a number of former Obama administration officials , look at the same set of facts and see a very different future .                                             
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee ' s office previously estimated the cost to the city at between $ 3 . 5 million and $ 4 million .                                           
Venezuela is probably the single worst - off oil - producing country right now , with an economy in crisis and foreign exchange rapidly running low .                                           
And she said there was no evidence that he would not be able to obtain treatment for his condition in Pakistan .                                                     
Gary Turnbull , general manager for the shopping centre , said : " The emergency services do an extremely important job keeping the public safe .                                               
It will certainly take time for the team to return to full strength , but everybody will work hard , dedicated and closely together to get there .                                         
Liverpool ' s manager was asked if he felt that the sense of belief generated by this comeback could be a turning point for his side .                                           
Then I would have a portion of my money in some of the most recommended " strategic bond " and property funds .                                                   
The 17 - minute video , released Sunday , shows the extent of the planning that went into the November attacks , which French authorities have said from the beginning were planned in Syria .                           
You have my word that we will fix this , and everyone who works for state government must know - any situation like this must come to my attention immediately .                                   
But what most people may not know is that Apple ' s digital assistant is more than just a solo artist .                                                     
" This movement to end abortion in this country is bigger than us and it is bigger than a weather event ," she said .                                               
Not that he wasn ' t good earlier , but I did think his best was the last half of the third period there .                                               
At hospital he made further comments to medical staff , including : " I had it in my hand , the knife .                                                     
The student quit the program within four weeks , but was responsible for an academic quarter ' s worth of student loans .                                                   
Right after the meeting I said , ' We need to do that meeting like right before we get dressed for the game .                                                   
The person you have , if you don ' t handle their situation , they ' re just going to be calling back , so there ' s going to be another person on the line .                       
He added that a new project needs to be economic at less than $ 50 a barrel in the current climate and that costs will have to continue falling to make new projects attractive .                           
We probably rushed things and made a couple of wrong decisions , more so in the first half , but the most important thing is that we won .                                       
I have a love for Dr . Carson , but I don ' t think he ' s going to be our nominee .                                                 
We are recognized as one of America ' s leading health care providers and not - for - profit health plans .                                                     
At least 24 of 32 votes will be needed for approval to move a team or teams to Los Angeles for the first time in 20 years .                                         
" If he could catch fire ," Bush would do very well with Mexican Americans because he is married to a woman born in Mexico , he said .                                       
That could be read to include Clinton , who in the 2008 primaries against Obama tried to appeal to more middle - of - the - road voters on issues like guns .                               
Although the economy is not yet in a formal recession , consumer spending in June and July grew only because consumers paid more for the same goods .                                         
Even if this is the case , the foundation expects unemployment in Scotland to remain higher than in England and full - time employment to stay below its pre - crash level .                               
If they had played a little bit more , I would have showed a bit of Nick today , too ," he said .                                                 
But , the mother reasons , a 12 - year - old whose father was taken from him for no apparent reason has every right to be angry .                                       
This will hit more modest buy - to - let investors the most , while many of the more sophisticated have their buy - to - let properties held via a company .                               
" I ' ll speak to the board and we ' ll discuss it , but at the minute I ' m just focused on turning up and working hard ," he said , when asked if he had a decision to make over his future .   
However , the former prime minister will say that the pro - Europe vote in Scotland in the referendum - due before the end of 2017 - will be " much better " if a case can be made that EU membership supports Scottish jobs and business . 
Yes , schools tend to offer fewer Friday afternoon courses - but they make up for that by offering other course options .                                                   
But he had some problems with what could be called the Hillary Clinton experience , not all of which had to do directly with Wall Street .                                           
Nearly 60 victims were being treated for their injuries in hospitals in Bangladesh , where the earthquake triggered panic on the streets of major cities .                                             
But it wasn ' t - and the reasons for that go right to the heart of what will cause the EU to collapse .                                               
A separate study also found that people perform more badly in tests if they know they are being watched , particularly if they face criticism from their audience .                                       
The higher rate is some three percentage points above the already increased rates , and comes into place from April 1 .                                                     
The pot issue has moved quickly in recent years , and that could continue at the state level in 2016 .                                                       
He has climbed in recent polls thanks in part to a tough - talking focus on national security , despite his lack of foreign policy experience .                                           
They considered just 28 per cent to be genuine , or close , friends and said they would turn to just four in a crisis .                                             
I want to know : What is it that you want to tell us about why it is you ' re not voting on those things ?                                           
Nearly all public schools in Detroit were closed on Wednesday as teachers called in sick to protest conditions , the school system and teachers ' union said .                                         
This is what Russia has to ensure , and the world needs to see that it happens ," he told reporters .                                                     
It ' s their only car and they didn ' t want it to be stolen during Daniel ' s night shift like a lot of cars at night .                                     
When we do manage to find the planet , it probably won ' t look very impressive from down here , all these miles away .                                             
Mr Williams said : " There ' s a real equality issue between those at the top who can get it if they want to but those at the bottom can ' t .                               
He was broken early in the opening set and missed his best chance to break back after rolling his ankle .                                                       
" We talked about that after our last game , to let the end of December go and to focus on a new day , a new year here ," he said .                               
There hasn ' t been a big winner since then , although there have been smaller winners of $ 1 million and $ 2 million .                                             
The flat has 2 , 600 square feet of accommodation , which makes it larger than many family houses in the capital .                                                   
" They talk tough , yet they would strip us of the ability to keep our people safe ," he said .                                                     
There is a chronic need for fresh investment - and there are ongoing talks over a possible American purchase - and a new stadium but that is for the future .                                   
They committed 3 . 12 offences each on average , up from 2 . 99 each in the previous year ' s figures .                                                 
It ' s one of the biggest costs workers have to face , and in big cities there seems almost no point in attempting to drive .                                           
He has developed a network of activists whom he can call upon as he runs into questions in the coming months , she said .                                               
The shooting occurred in the high school and a second location , Canadian police said , adding they took the suspect into custody outside the school and seized a gun .                                   
Research shows a steady decline in weekly study time , from about 25 hours in the early 1960s to 15 hours today .                                                   
Seattle ( 10 - 6 ) will open the playoffs with a wild - card visit to either Washington or Minnesota next weekend .                                                 
Of those planning to book their holidays this month , 20 per cent made arrangements for a future trip last weekend and a quarter said they will book their holiday during their first week back at work .                     
Much of that money will come in stock awards he will pocket over the next six years , giving him millions of reasons to keep the company in high gear .                                   
" I ' ve come back and I ' ve had to start from the bottom again , from zero ," he said .                                                 
I ' d tried calling people to see who ' d been contacted by campaigns , but no one picked up for me either .                                               
You show up at one particular time and at one particular location , and you sit through speeches and then you cast your vote on a slip of paper .                                     
" The struggle between Iran and Saudi Arabia has the potential to very strongly influence events on the ground in Iraq ," he said .                                               
Those failing to pay face prosecution and , if convicted , a fine of up to £ 2 , 500 , or up to three months in prison .                                       
I ' ve said that if you look at the 2003 England World Cup - winning team , they had a captain in every position .                                             
The team which plays tomorrow will want to win this game 100 per cent but it will be a team that didn ' t play too often together .                                       
Sanders is polling strongly in Iowa and New Hampshire against rival Hillary Clinton in the bid for the 2016 Democratic nomination .                                                     
Canada ' s tourism industry and other service sectors , which had been suffering , are already seeing gains from the currency drop .                                                 
Rather than talking about how popular they are , how great they are , he ' s doing it because he sees a huge need and it ' s not being filled by anybody ," she says .                     
However , he has come under intense pressure in recent weeks to allow Tory ministers to campaign for an exit if they wish to do so .                                           
I said , what about doing some sort of statement encouraging people that would like to see some different policies or candidate ?                                                   
Even though you can see almost a whole world in D . C ., you wouldn ' t know it if you never get on the bus and go across town .                                 
It still leaves me wanting more , so I come into this week trying to really improve my short game from last week as well as maintain my ball striking .                                   
It looks like Michigan residents aren ' t happy with their governor after the Flint crisis , but they ' re going to let him fight another day to fix it .                                 
The original village plan officially would have cost more than $ 1 billion and would have placed the athletes along the Los Angeles River .                                               
He might be looking at getting 60 per cent of the ball and might not be afraid of getting into the Irish half quickly and then keeping possession .                                       
And Donald Trump , I ' ve got to say , I don ' t agree with him on a lot , but I kind of get him .                                       
I am very proud of all our award winning parks and those who work all year round , and in all weather to make our parks beautiful .                                         
20 ( UPI ) -- By now , you ' ve probably noticed presidential candidates spending quite a bit of time in Iowa .                                                   
It was a real revolution , but I didn ' t expect that we would be back to where everything started .                                                     
And could he offer a guess as to just how much snow will the city end up moving before it ' s all done ?                                               
It is the main tool for the United States to meet the emissions reduction target it pledged at U . N . climate talks in Paris last month .                                       
The brutal truth of politics is being demonstrated - when you are strong you are strong and you can act , when you are weak you are weak and you do what you are told .                         
He said : " I have complete respect for Paul and his position but I did my job to the best of my ability and I stick by what I said .                                   
There ' s a decent wine list , but don ' t miss out on having a drink in the bar itself , which - on the night we visited - came complete with friendly locals , their dogs and live music .           
" I want to fight because I know I ' m right , I know I ' m innocent , have nothing to hide - she wanted me , I wanted her , she was of age , I ' m of age ," he said .   
It ' s why I wouldn ' t have any of my players going on it - and I wouldn ' t go on it myself .                                           
All three groups have endorsed Sanders ' s rival , Hillary Clinton , in a competitive race for the Democratic nomination .                                                     
For many reasons it ' s difficult for us to sign players , we are in a bad football position and we are not attractive .                                             
" An adviser will make the numbers a lot more accurate , but this is a good starting place ," he says .                                                   
White House officials declined to comment on Obama ' s plans beyond releasing his weekly radio address on Friday , a day earlier than usual .                                             
He missed the past two games with the left hip injury and indicated on Thursday that he is having difficulties making certain cuts .                                                 
At the end of the day , if she ' s [ Hillary Clinton ] elected president and she ' s effective , people aren ' t going to care too much .                               
If we start out the Big Ten 0 - 2 , we knew it was going to be really difficult to win the league , so we had to get our first win .                             
My colleague Alex Ross recently wrote in praise of Williams ' s music for the " Star Wars " series .                                                       
First of all , we have no good information on what income tax revenues are at each local authority area , and no reliable way of finding out .                                       
In theory yes he can because he will be a free agent and for sure there are some clubs always interested in him .                                                 
You see your name on the board a couple of times , you walk past it every day at the range .                                                     
He is supporting Bush and cannot understand the knock against him because his brother and father have also had the job .                                                     
She has said her lawyers reviewed the documents and gave the State Department more than 30 , 000 emails that were potentially work - related .                                             
" There is a possibility that global growth could slow sharply in 2016 and that the Australian economy could fall into recession , but the chances of this happening are not high ," he said .                         
The car is reportedly frozen to the point where the doors on at least one side can ' t be opened .                                                     
You ' ve got to be in the right places to score the goals and he has come on and had two opportunities and one was cleared off the line and he scored the other .                         
Because he doesn ' t speak any English , he couldn ' t figure out how to call the settlement agency or how to get a taxi .                                         
They say these migrants should be treated as refugees and that the U . S . government should be doing more to protect them instead of sending them home .                                     
Police said on Sunday they had arrested seven members of an IS cell who were planning attacks across the country .                                                       
Friday night , Trump held a standing - room - only rally in South Carolina , an hour ' s drive from Columbia .                                                 
The kids have picked up on this and have also got their own fears now they know they ' re going to a French speaking school .                                           
We ' re a little all - over - the - map on the other guys , but we ' re convinced that Trump is a mistake .                                         
I do believe charity begins at home and the more we focus on our families , the better they will be .                                                     
So , I did what I was trained to do by my father ... You make a mistake and you own up to it .                                               
I wouldn ' t have given up my job and the time with my girls if I did not really believe in my heart that Ted Cruz would win this election .                                 
" Australia is in a different position to the rest of the world , we have very high quality coal that will continue to be in demand ," he told Sky Business .                               
He brings 28 years " experience in commercial real estate and will lead on the firm ' s corporate and investment client portfolio .                                                 
Any time that you can get into the company of him and other great players , it ' s a goal I ' ve had since I was a little kid .                                 
Also , so many people who now feel left out and left behind will , we believe , be motivated to participate in the process because Bernie alone speaks with conviction and authority to the concerns that are at the center of their lives .       
" The worst - case scenario is if we we had a situation where we had to close off one or both tracks , for instance if there was a bomb threat " he said .                         
You should ignore your emergency fund and try and think of it as something you don ' t have access to .                                                     
However , that was rejected because it was found the risk he would try to contact his girlfriend was too great .                                                     
Yet even after her death , senior charity executives noted in evidence to the committee that they were not aware of some fundraising tactics used by their organisations .                                       
I would consider all groups looking for funding , but there is a limit and we have to pick and choose .                                                     
In a statement explaining the move , the Bank of Japan even said that it might cut the interest rate further if necessary .                                                 
" I think the person who ' s winning could definitely feel the pressure because there is a lot of expectations ," she said .                                               
" When I say I don ' t want anything , it is because there is nothing " to be president of .                                                   
Meanwhile , 64 percent of Democrats said Clinton would be a great or good president , and only 10 percent said she ' d be poor or terrible .                                       
Speaking after his visit he called on the government to do more to register refugees from Europe as well as countries closer to Syria .                                               
Of course , I believe today as strongly as I ever have that independence is the best future for our country .                                                     
Sir David added : " We will benefit from having experienced players , while we can provide the level of on field competition that younger Scottish players need to aid their development .                                 
" ( Her focus is to ) obtain the best possible education and to enjoy time with her family and friends ," she said .                                                 
Let ' s say that two days out of each month , you probably won ' t have time to read .                                                     
Food for thought : If you work on a fixed annual wage , today is just one more day ' s work than you would usually have to do for your salary .                               
" I am not a big fan of his movies , so he definitely won ' t be up there ," he said .                                                 
Their recent study reveals that the number of people working more than 48 hours per week has risen after more than a decade of decline .                                             
People who have been here for decades tell me they haven ' t lived through anything quite like what the Big Apple was hit with over the weekend .                                       
She said she expected one of the younger generation of MPs first elected in 2010 to take the top job when Mr Cameron stands down .                                             
We have some rounds under our belt and we have played together a lot so its an easy one - week replacement while Michael is getting healthy .                                         
More than 600 , 000 customers and $ 200 million in entry fees came from New York , according to the attorney general ' s office .                                           
" When I made this speech about illegal immigration , I had no idea what it was going to become ," Trump said .                                                 
" I think it would be very interesting if Donald Trump became the Republican candidate who is a multi - billionaire , and Michael Bloomberg became an independent candidate who is a multi - billionaire ," Sanders said .                   
He pointed out that Christian minorities supported the Syrian government of President Bashar al - Assad , which allowed them to live in peace .                                               
The bottom line for me , and I am appealing to Europe , to European voters , with the support of Europe let ' s have an Asian or African president .                                 
That was enough to reverse earlier gains driven by a jump in crude prices after Russia said it was discussing the possibility of cooperation with OPEC and U . S . data showed an increase in short - term demand .               
Bloomberg would do it , Bloomberg and his advisers seemed to say in multiple stories over the weekend , in service to the country .                                               
The head of the European Commission is calling for EU leaders to make enough time to center on the refugee crisis during the next EU summit in February which was primarily to focus on British demands to reform the bloc .               
We want parents and young people to be aware of the risks and how they can get help or advice if they have concerns .                                               
From September to October , GDP grew by about 0 . 3 percent , compared with about 0 . 1 percent from the previous one - month period .                                       
We ' re in the spotlight , if we don ' t produce that then people will put us under pressure .                                                     
In that endorsement , it also argued that Clinton had more experience and had presented more detailed policy ideas than her rival .                                                   
People who use electronic cigarettes , or e - cigarettes , are less likely to quit traditional cigarettes than people who don ' t use the devices , suggests a fresh look at some past research .                       
Then it raises the question : Why would you fire somebody who ' s been sitting on the court and is perfectly qualified ?                                                 
Then all of a sudden he ' s gone from the front post area to the edge of the box before going down .                                                 
The coast guard rescued 26 people and recovered 14 bodies , while coast guard vessels , a helicopter and private boats were searching for survivors .                                             
If this leads to the All - Star Game , that ' s great , but I ' m not worried about that .                                                 
The army has opened its own investigation into the claims of sexual misconduct , but said Wednesday that no soldiers had been questioned yet .                                               
Bowie needed the deal to buy back rights to his songs from a former manager who had taken advantage of him while the rock star was more interested in cocaine than finance .                               
Football is about winning games and to be close to win games you need to work hard and show better quality than the opponent .                                               
I had no concerns about the time I lived with him , but in 20 years people can and will change .                                                     
I saw that the road was closed so I had to go another way but as I got closer I could see the two cars .                                             
A message on the company ' s website said that Apple had " hired more diverse candidates " in the past 12 months than in any other year to date .                                   
It is very dangerous to rely on winning a cup when you haven ' t done it for so many years .                                                     
The next step in the peace process , a political dialogue with the eight groups that signed , is set to begin on January 12 .                                             
You understand that in professional sport tough decisions are made but you have got to look at the bigger picture and not let it affect your relationship .                                         
I don ' t know how much credit he gets outside in the media world , but when you watch film , he ' s definitely the guy that ' s the key to the offence .                       
" In answer to your questions , my real name is David Jones and I don ' t have to tell you why I changed it ," he wrote .                                     
The problem is that investors are not entirely convinced that Beijing can defend the exchange rate even if it wants to .                                                     
His argument was as follows : the referendum on independence was held more than 18 months ago ; people have now had enough ; we should simply accept the SNP has taken independence off the agenda ; so I should stop talking about it , too .   
He will argue 300 , 000 Scottish jobs are linked to EU membership and 20 , 000 Scottish businesses trade with mainland Europe .                                                 
When I saw the match against Arsenal they played very well but they didn ' t win - that ' s the most important thing .                                             
There is a huge prize for Britain if we can deal with the things that drive us up the wall about Europe .                                                   
But I also should explain that I do have two homes , my wife is from the Caribbean , we have a home there and I spent some time there over Christmas .                               
A lot of people don ' t realize that hair is a big thing for a lot of people , not just African - American women .                                           
It was too soon to say the market had hit bottom , but there had been encouraging signals in related markets , he added .                                               
Golden State have an NBA - best 40 - 4 record this season , with San Antonio just behind at 38 - 6 .                                                 
You have to find new people that haven ' t traditionally been involved in the past , but want to see a change in America .                                             
" I hope that the justice authorities , at the end of the procedure - as long and painful as it is - will agree ," she added .                                       
In the 1 - 0 defeat up there , I thought we showed signs that we can be as good as them .                                                   
" We laid down the regulations and rules for payments and we have money available , but there are a number of countries that haven ' t drawn their payments yet : It ' s down to their systems ," he said .           
In exchange , European countries would agree to take several hundred thousands refugees each year out of two million in Turkey .                                                     
I didn ' t really register at first , but my dad was very worried , it ' s not something you would expect to happen to your teenage daughter .                                   
Williams has ruled the All England Club on five occasions , but on Tuesday she was in far from championship - winning form .                                                 
The company ' s general manager and two other staff are thought to have been detained while traveling in mainland China .                                                     
" We continue to believe that no one is able to make anything else than a wild guess on potential fines ," he said .                                               
" I could give him a copy of it and it ' d be great to hear the story behind it - he looked like he ' s well - travelled ," she said .                           
Goldman , the last of the big U . S . banks to release fourth - quarter earnings , reported a drop in revenue in all but one of its main businesses .                               
It ' s surprising how little sense of crisis or anger is apparent these days in Egypt , and how little energy seems directed toward political life .                                         
Three important cabinet ministers - home affairs , defense and border affairs - are also chosen by the commander - in - chief .                                                 
The researchers , from several Italian institutions and Boston University in the US , found that once a piece of information was accepted as fact , it spread rapidly throughout that particular online " community of interest ," despite having no proven basis in science .     
Business support for Britain ' s membership of the European Union has fallen in the last six months , according to a new survey .                                               
They ' re expecting a really difficult game and if we can play on that anxiety or frustration then let ' s hope we can do that because that will help us .                               
It was a joy to see so many English players on both sides with young ages but big roles in the game .                                                   
They have said they want to stay with us and fight until the end and build with me and the chairman and our fans a big Leicester .                                         
There were a lot of things that happened around the world in 2015 that very much had to do with gender in politics .                                                 
But in the same way , when you assess a defeat , you cannot be blind to the quality of our attacking play .                                                 
We ' ve had death threats for years and we thought they would stop [ after the attack ], but they haven ' t .                                               
He had no trouble in his next service game , and then secured a double break and a 4 - 0 advantage when Murray again struggled with his own serve .                                   
That is a huge opportunity for us ; but not if we let these other issues block the door to young voters interested in the GOP .                                           
I ' m a nice person and likely would have given you a ride , but obviously we ' re past that .                                                   
UN Security Council members were discussing fresh sanctions against North Korea after it conducted its fourth nuclear test in January .                                                       
" I think it ' s the strongest case to go forward against the United States , but the chances of success are still very low ," said Warner .                                     
The money was announced in the fall , but the province did not reveal that it was given to the university for work on the building .                                           
In Belgium , police were holding three people for questioning on Thursday as part of an investigation into an alleged plot to carry out an attack in Brussels on New Year ' s Eve .                           
But Apple is now looking to boost its market share in India ' s rapidly growing market , and the company ' s recent growing spend on advertising in the country has indicated an aggressive campaign to sell more .                 
Like past host cities , San Francisco is banking on increased tax revenues to leave the city in the black .                                                       
" I ' d be lying if I said I didn ' t fear I wouldn ' t I get another good opportunity ," he admits .                                           
We understand that the White House [ has ] a political need to show progress , but we don ' t necessarily share that political need .                                           
This targeted support is in addition to the £ 51 million councils receive from the Scottish Government to maintain teacher numbers .                                                     
Even more so , people who sold stocks after the last major crash in 2008 would have missed out on the six years of market gains that followed .                                       
17 , an Israeli mother of six was stabbed to death at her home in a West Bank settlement and a 15 - year - old Palestinian was arrested for the attack .                               
It just shows what can be done if you play your best football and get a bit of luck , which you always need in football regardless of who you are playing against .                             
British finance minister George Osborne welcomed the deal , saying on Twitter it reflected new rules that he had introduced , but others were less impressed .                                           
But if you ' re in this situation , it ' s so important to remember you ' re not alone and that help is at hand .                                         
Bell helped shape the party ' s 2011 election strategy and worked on the white paper on independence until leaving his post over two years ago .                                           
Indeed the government investment as a percentage of the economy in China is bigger than it ' s been anywhere - ever .                                                   
The Supreme Court ' s decision on the matter is likely to be handed down early this summer , amid a presidential race in which immigration has become a central issue .                                 
Then we ' ll talk about next steps for how we can all reach out in our communities to get more black women involved in this campaign .                                         
It shouldn ' t really need people talking like that to get us going , but it was a big game and it was them who were doing all the talking .                                 
Twitter has seen its stock value decline to an all - time low last week of $ 17 . 84 .                                                       
Hall said that his naturally competitive streak was something that he didn ' t like about himself , and he had worked hard to control it .                                           
I know there have been meetings - we are targeting next season as the time we get on to that surface .                                                     
" But you do have waste , fraud and abuse , and we ' re going to take care of that ," Trump said .                                               
The big picture of our work is the opposite : If I start in a bad state and have a huge positive shock , there are still negative consequences .                                     
At the same time , signs of possible momentum for Christie in New Hampshire mean that he has emerged as a possible barrier for Rubio , who has no clear advantage in any of the early states .                     
I ' m definitely going to take that consideration down the road to make sure stuff like that doesn ' t happen again in games , but it just did this time .                               
They might not be in the best of form but they ' re in the league above us for a reason .                                                     
No matter if you have a hand in his face or you ' re playing great defense , he ' s going to find a way to get his shot off .                                 
These new banks are a key part of bringing innovation to the sector , particularly where there is a gap in the market - whether it is the service they provide , the customers they target , the products they sell or the technology they use .   
The researchers noted a doctor or other healthcare provider suggesting an HIV test increased the chance of it happening , one method they said could help improve screening rates .                                     
From 2008 to 2013 - when he and the others made more than $ 20 . 8 million - they reported sales of only about $ 14 . 3 million .                                   
[ German chancellor ] Angela Merkel didn ' t show up because of the refugee issue , but the German president came out and basically challenged her authority on refugees .                                   
" If you told me the number was 90 percent , I ' d say it was significant ," he says .                                                     
" If it were the other way around , we would be up in arms , it ' s a double standard ," she added .                                             
The attack happened outside the Muslim Association of Canada Centre during a " welcome night " event for newly arrived Syrian refugees .                                                   
We ' re actually kind of looking forward to New Hampshire taking over and South Carolina getting all of these ads .                                                     
After last night ' s performance , his supporters have at least some reason to hope that all is not lost .                                                     
The first round will be followed by another meeting of foreign ministers from the countries that helped birth this third attempt to negotiate an end to the Syrian civil war .                                   
I tend to favour one style at a particular time , depending on where we are in the market cycle .                                                       
After three months , they will fine you £ 10 every day for up to 90 days , to a maximum of £ 900 .                                               
The 40 - time Group 1 winner argues that he was denied the opportunity to see and object to the evidence that led to the Deputy Commissioner ' s decision .                                   
The Obama administration ' s policy in Syria is now focused not on Assad but on the Islamic State , including its means of support .                                             
When you ' re only getting $ 1 , 100 per month from the government , $ 67 is a lot of money .                                                   
The GOP front - runner - who reportedly used an iPhone as recently as September - only recently added Apple to his attack list , and his criticism of the company has become a popular line at his rallies .                 
Even the high end of that range falls below the $ 58 billion Apple generated during the same period last year .                                                     
" Then we can draw an interim conclusion , then another interim conclusion , and then we will see where we stand ," she said .                                             
We noted on Tuesday that Trump ' s base in Iowa is less likely to turn out , which is a problem for him .                                               
U . S . authorities confirmed on Saturday the birth of a baby with a small head in Hawaii to a mother who had been infected with the Zika virus while visiting Brazil .                             
" Russia has too much risk of seeing a natural decline anyway , without any agreed special steps ," the manager said , playing down the possibility of agreed action .                                   
In many ways , you could argue that this is more of a planet than anything else in the solar system .                                                     
For years , she has led a campaign to convince the Israeli public that such organizations are the long arm of foreign powers .                                                 
In the last 30 years , there has been a massive transfer of wealth from the middle class and working families of this country .                                               
The city wants to improve safety standards across industries , the report said , and force companies to use modern technology and equipment .                                                 
He ' s suffered soft muscle damage and it ' s looking like we ' ll be without him for three to four weeks , which is hard to take .                                   
" All these people were coming up to me saying , " I want to do these things but I can ' t get myself to do them ," " and I didn ' t understand ," she says .                     
Sweden became the first EU member nation to recognise the Palestinian state in 2014 and has been followed by several others .                                                     
The C . I . A . training program is separate from another program to arm Syrian rebels , one the Pentagon ran that has since ended .                                         
" I thought the timing of the Australia Day holiday would be a good opportunity to give them an extended long weekend ," he said .                                             
The investment community conference call to discuss these results will be broadcast live over the Internet that day at 2 p . m .                                                 
1 ( UPI ) -- Russia ' s updated national security strategy , signed this week by Russian President Vladimir Putin , lists NATO as a threat to the country .                                     
We have already helped more than 3 . 5 million mainly rural homes and businesses and are on track to cover 95 per cent of the UK by 2017 .                                     
You want to play in every game but obviously having missed semi - finals and finals over recent years it ' s a game I ' m desperate to play in .                                 
The company is expected to post a net annual loss for the third year in a row when it reports 2015 results in March , according to Thomson Reuters estimates .                                   
He added : " We have delivered a strong trading performance in 2015 , in a positive housing market , building more homes than at any point in the last six years and delivering a record operating profit margin of over 20 per cent .         
They ' re so quick to call another girl names , but it ' s like : You know what ?                                                       
But the thing that is most important to me and caused me to run for office is I ' m worried about the country and how much debt we ' re adding .                               
We ' re still a long way ahead of the game because we haven ' t let South Africa get away from us .                                                 
He was surprised to see the sale of $ 2 - million properties on the island that had been sitting on the market for years .                                             
But it ' s also the way that health insurance works : depending on a large pool of healthy people to fund the higher health - care costs of those who do get sick .                           
By fighting hard behind the scenes I was able to secure a deal that means every high value council house sold will be replaced by two new affordable homes in London .                                 
Speaking last month about an apparent bathroom break that delayed Clinton ' s return to the stage during the Democratic debate sponsored by ABC News and the New Hampshire Union Leader , Trump looked to draw a sharp contrast .                 
" We just recently had a conversation that we hadn ' t been to a big shopping centre since we moved ," she said .                                               
The two agreed upon a price a couple of weeks later , and it ended up being his most expensive non - commissioned work .                                               
It was another opportunity for me to keep running on a competitive level , to travel and race in big races .                                                     
It ' s the beginning of a new business , after he and some partners gained distribution rights for the Swiss product in greater China .                                             
When asked if he was going to stay and whether the club wanted him to , he said : " Both answers are yes .                                                 
He said what worried him particularly was the fact that the men wore civilian clothes and presented no arrest warrant .                                                       
It ' s an amazing turn of events for a coalition that helped provide Obama ' s final margin for his health care bill .                                               
He has been captain there already for six years , the longest stretch in the history of that most traditional of clubs .                                                   
" I will always be available , but most of my days are behind me now , I think it is fair to say ," he admits .                                         
This year we would like to beat that number - so we encourage everyone to go to the web site and choose their champion !                                               
" It ' s just another stadium and another game for us , though it ' s obviously a massive one ," said the 24 - year - old .                                     
But I ' m going to venture that it ' s not entirely crazy -- at least for employees who don ' t have jobs that are mission - critical .                                   
There are even some areas where , according to train companies , you are very likely to get a seat on a rush - hour train .                                           
Some are even said to have called off holidays in places where no cases of the virus have been reported .                                                       
So it was just really coming out and trying to keep staying with the game plan and make things happen so that I would win or lose on my terms .                                   
A senior source close to Mr Abbott told the paper that the former PM was not holding out hope of returning to the leadership , or even returning to cabinet .                                   
He ' s at a fantastic age to make a new start and he gives us competition at the front of our team .                                                 
I didn ' t go there looking for a fight , but if she wanted one , she was sure going to get it .                                               
We got a real good team on paper , out there on the court , but if we don ' t play for one another , don ' t stick together , we ' re not a really good team .               
If they had kicked for goal in the last few minutes against Wales and been successful they would have gone through to the quarters .                                               
That has obviously come with experience , but I think these guys need to be taught what to expect so that they don ' t get a shock .                                       
A return of capital may occur , for example , when some or all of the money that you invested in the Fund is paid back to you .                                       
" The growth in the middle classes in China is already prompting a surge in consumer demand and Chinese developed brands ," Mr White said .                                             
Last Tuesday , the department denied the shelter ' s request for registration , citing numerous problems including lack of fresh water and proper shelter .                                             
At one end are those who are highly concerned about climate change and who avoid companies they believe have poor environmental records .                                                   
The 28 - year - old model was wearing an impressive ring on the third finger of her left hand as she posed with her 48 - year - old actor boyfriend on the red carpet .                       
I think he was always looking for someone else to do it , but the someone else wasn ' t there .                                                     
15 at Richmond International Airport , where authorities said he intended to fly out on the first leg of a planned journey to Syria .                                               
It may be that this kind of retailer has had its day ; we will find out over the next five years .                                                   
I ' ve seen some people - mainly on Twitter , mind - who seem to think this red card was harsh .                                                   
Asia director at Human Rights Watch Brad Adams said Australia had much to learn from the report ' s release .                                                       
He needed to do that to get the best out of himself , rather like Martin Johnson used to do back in the day .                                               
At that time , 78 percent thought Clinton would make a good or great president -- higher than the 64 percent who think so now .                                             
They have pretty high populations but not much area , so it is hard for them to produce all their own energy and be energy independent .                                           
People think that all we do is issue tickets who spend too long in a car park , but it ' s mainly for safety reasons .                                           
Women are more likely to hold a degree than men but are less likely to command a senior position in the workforce , according to a new report .                                       
Kansas went 9 - 9 in Big 12 road games the previous two seasons and are 1 - 3 this season .                                                     
Our Home Secretary is in the lead in taking the measures necessary to keep our borders secure and I would have thought it would have been in the interests of every citizen in the United Kingdom to stand behind her in that fight .         
The union ' s use of the threat of strike action as a negotiating weapon shows that it knows its potential impact .                                                   
A Republican ticket led by Florida ' s Mr . Rubio with Ohio Governor John Kasich as his running mate would help the GOP in two states it needs to win or go home .                           
Today we can see the different players with the opportunity to arrive and to create the space too for the possibility for them to train with us .                                         
Of course I thought we would have won earlier but I knew when you come to club that has played 11 and lost nine you don ' t expect to find everything going well .                           
The department had been ordered to release all the emails by Friday , but last week asked the court for a one - month extension .                                             
He was beaten just a length and a quarter by a more experienced rival and can surely kick on from that here .                                                   
But the freedom of the press is where my own freedom lies , and everyone else ' s ," he is also quoted as saying before asking the press to leave .                                 
Like a lot of people , he appeared to celebrate for way too long and ended up at a party at someone ' s house .                                             
The busy little main street , with a small range of shops , bars and restaurants , is far from traffic - free .                                                 
In 2016 , look to see if one of these groups comes to the rescue of a candidate who ran out of money or had a poor showing in an early state , either of which might otherwise drive the candidate from the race .       
We ' re working with advocates to protect victims of domestic abuse from gun violence , where too often -- where too often , people are not getting the protection that they need .                             
I ' m not going to put too much pressure on him right now , but I know what he can become in this league and tonight he showed it .                                   
It ' s just one of these things where I thought the boy ' s going to hit a shot and I ' ve gone to block it .                                       
The move comes after a reported two years of planning and development , and is intended to reflect the diversity of today ' s society .                                             
Don ' t worry too much if you exchange some less - than - kind words with a partner or loved one over the next 48 hours because it ' s really no big deal .                         
" The uncertainty and the potential negative consequences are likely to risk a sudden stop of capital flow into the UK ," they said .                                               
The process has not yet resulted in any recommendations for a prosecution and it has been criticized by rights campaigners for moving too slowly .                                               
So the jury came back with attempted murder , which is serious but has a much lower minimum penalty than murder .                                                     
20 ( UPI ) -- A major sick - out shut down most of Detroit ' s schools Wednesday as teachers tried to call attention to the city ' s public school problems .                               
" I think the biggest thing is just kind of changing my perspective on a lot of stuff ," she said .                                                     
It doesn ' t get any easier for the Tigers as their next four games are each against ranked teams .                                                       
The good and successful ones are all busy , so they will have to wait for a break in their schedule to write it before it is cast .                                       
It ' s good to have an idea of what you think your goal is , but don ' t let that stop you from learning about everything you possibly can along the way .                           
One day Bowie happened by , fell in love with a pair , but didn ' t have any money with him .                                                   
We do need to think about whether the financial services industry is providing the right sort of products at the right stage of life .                                               
But if you look at the evidence and statistics , it ' s very hard to come away with any other conclusion .                                                   
The government has built two million homes since 2008 , and aims to build as many by 2019 , according to a government report on housing presented last year .                                     
King told the newspaper , " Cruz isn ' t a good guy , and he ' d be impossible as President .                                                     
Time and time again , David Cameron offers warm words and a little bit of funding for a short term fix .                                                     
It ' s also a reminder of the power that making compensation public can have when it comes to setting pay .                                                     
11 ( UPI ) -- The Russian military is being blamed for an attack on a Syrian school that killed at least 12 children Monday .                                               
This higher risk was found to be true for all survivors , though those with cancer in both eyes were at greater risk for any condition , including cancer .                                     
For his part , Sanders plans to " beat him badly " if he faces off against Trump in the fall .                                                     
Brown , who is expected to be confirmed as Jones ' s vice - captain , said that the players would welcome the new demands placed on them .                                       
He insisted that a £ 15 million plan to replace the area around where the crack appeared was a priority " needed " to maintain the bridge ' s integrity .                                   
I guess I ' d be considered a failure in this day and age because kids go through so many jobs to be successful .                                               
" We can ' t keep waiting to take action that will stop violence in this country and keep our families and children safer ," Warren said .                                         
" I can ' t share the dressing room with someone who hurt my country ' s integrity ," he said .                                                     
Just being there lifted a weight off and there was always someone there who would make time to answer my questions .                                                     
J & J ' s fourth - quarter sales fell 2 . 4 percent to $ 17 . 81 billion , below the analysts ' average estimate of $ 17 . 88 billion .                             
It doesn ' t matter that he ' s 36 or achieved so much in the game , he ' s still setting an example .                                             
All wounds in the study were also relatively small and probably weren ' t under tension that might lead to conditions that can trigger infections , Evans , who wasn ' t involved in the study , added by email .               
" They don ' t necessarily have to win here , they don ' t have to beat Trump here , but they have to beat each other ," he said .                                 
" But if you try sometimes , you just might find , you get what you need ," played the song as he left .                                               
As the new year begins you should open your eyes to new opportunities and realize that all things are possible if you want them enough .                                             
In the U . S . alone , the cost of over - diagnosis may also run as high as $ 1 . 2 billion a year , the researchers also note .                               
These things happen not just in football but in life , and the best thing would be no corruption anywhere .                                                       
Police are appealing for any information from anyone who may have seen the incident or knows anything about the driver .                                                       
It now seems beyond question that Clinton ' s server contained a variety of classified information including some information so sensitive that even now - years after she left her job as secretary of state - it can ' t be released .           
This round is never easy as the last game was six weeks ago and momentum is lost over the Christmas break .                                                     
To answer that question , they tried to figure out how much of an influence the candidates in the election had on moving support one direction or the other .                                     
If Trump was doing anything on the ground , I must have come at the wrong time to see it .                                                       
I know it ' s a very tough time for people who work in the industry and their families , and I am determined that the UK Government will do what it can to support them .                       
" This has been one of the black holes in the Hong Kong - mainland legal relationship ," Mr Young said .                                                     
The one - off charge is likely on account of loss of the raw material and from lost production due to delayed operations at the plant .                                           
The Bill would allow phone and internet companies to retain individual customer records for a year to allow police and security services to access them .                                             
If there is no agreement then or soon after , it will be difficult , if not impossible , to hold the referendum before September , if not later .                                     
Russia began airstrikes in Syria in late September , and has said publicly that their purpose was to defeat Islamic State militants .                                                   
We have a message , we have a message , and the message is we don ' t want to let other people take advantage of us .                                         
In terms of spending , the company said its capital program for 2016 should be as much as $ 2 . 6 billion .                                                 
I ' ve come into this weekend taking it as a massive learning experience and I ' m just grateful to be playing in such a talented side .                                       
Now we must think about the first match against Tottenham , they are a very big team - and they want to win the FA Cup .                                           
Indeed , they expect the bank will increase its profit from the region between 9 per cent and 11 per cent a year over the next three - to - five years .                               
" We know that for every 10 people connected to the Internet , roughly one is lifted out of poverty ," he wrote in The Times of India newspaper this week .                                 
" It was a wake - up call for us , the pace and power of Aberdeen and the experience they showed to score three quick goals then sit in and defend ," he said .                         
All you really need to watch out for is that , where joint money matters are concerned , you don ' t trust others more than you have to .                                     
They came in and said , ' I don ' t know if I can do this ,' but [ I ] talked them through it .                                             
In fact , there are very few things which you sell specifically on the basis of where they come from .                                                       
During the quarter ended December 31 , 2015 , interest income on loans increased to $ 46 . 9 million , compared with $ 45 . 4 million for the third quarter of 2015 and $ 40 . 6 million for the fourth quarter of 2014 .   
The S & P 500 is down 8 . 6 per cent in 2016 , having closed higher on only six of the 13 sessions .                                             
The new companies - they often call themselves " platforms " - don ' t seem to fit the old models .                                                       
I think about it this way : is a mortgage less or more valuable on a property whose price has fallen ?                                                     
For the bottom 44 percent of Americans , for instance , there ' s almost $ 200 billion of net worth .                                                     
He hopes to secure a deal at next month ' s EU summit in Brussels , and to call an in / out referendum in June .                                           
It has been good because I was out a long time and the semi - final was one I was really targeting .                                                   
" I ' m keen for the people who were involved in this crime to take responsibility ," she said .                                                       
" It ' s difficult to understand the thinking behind the decision to throw it into the long grass other than it ' s political - that the Prime Minister has enough on with the European referendum ," he said .               
One user said she " thought the photo was a joke until reading the post ," and urged the couple to make a formal complaint .                                             
A new poll showed Mr Trump was gaining support in Iowa , the first state to vote on Feb 1 .                                                       
" We ' ve been pushing really hard to get them involved to make them aware of what ' s at stake ," he said .                                             
Since we moved the clock forward , a year ago - in 2012 , it was set at 11 : 55 - developments have been mixed .                                           
This would only apply if the UK were able to demonstrate that its welfare system is under strain and if the other countries agree to the measure .                                         
After she addressed him on Twitter the following year and urged him to use his wealth for good , he sent her flowers .                                                 
If Bishop Bell had been a Nazi war criminal , the charges against him would have had to reach a far higher standard of proof than those by which the Church of England has destroyed him .                       
For the first time we are arguing that an animal can own property , rather than merely being a piece of property himself .                                                 
" It ' s an unusual and fun election cycle for you to cover ," he told reporters here Thursday .                                                       
That is the first choice , the first change we will offer in this election campaign - the chance to own your own home .                                               
Seattle ( 10 - 6 ) will open the playoffs with a wild - card visit to Minnesota next weekend .                                                       
But I said no , I am finishing on such and such date , which happened to be a Scottish Cup tie v Keith .                                               
Its chief executive Tim Cook recently told The Telegraph : " We don ' t think people want us to read their messages .                                                   
What I am seeing now is the very real knock - on effect of some of the most extreme weather conditions this country has ever experienced .                                           
So much so , in fact , that GOP primary voters who score in the top 25 percent of their party on all three measures are 44 points more likely to support Donald Trump than those who score in the bottom 25 percent .         
In meetings with President Obama ' s national security team in recent weeks , military officials have told the White House that they believe they have made significant progress in the fight against the Islamic State in both Iraq and Syria , administration officials said .     
The case study of one Australian woman who developed the disease when she was 60 years old follows a familiar pattern .                                                     
In order to help it understand this , the United States must use the nuclear test Wednesday to force the North back to the table .                                             
I knew then , when she did that , it was time for me to quit , because I was not going to compete with that .                                           
The years below are a rough guide , but if you were born in January or February it may be slightly different as the new year moves between 21 January and February 20 .                             
" In the first match , I was match point down so I was one leg in the plane back to Germany ," she said .                                             
The plan comes as part of a drive plan to give parents more choice and ease the pressure on state school places .                                                   
But it ' s easy to know what will increase your earning power over 40 years , no matter what the stock market and wider economy are doing .                                       
He turns 20 this month and , unlike his peers in the Chelsea academy , he has never been on loan .                                                     
Energy , after all , is the basis of everything , when it comes to economic development , and the political systems that emerge from it .                                           
" We ' ll look at it as we put it all together and see ," Bradley said Monday , according to the Florida Times - Union .                                         
The two companies said the partnership was based on the shared view that self - driving cars will first reach consumers as part of a ride - sharing service , rather than vehicles owned by drivers .                       
I certainly know there are winners in our changing room and we feel we can go on a right good run now and , hopefully , take teams apart like we did against Hamilton .                           
We are working primary roads right now , and then beginning next week , we will get into the secondary roads .                                                     
Up to them - you can lead a horse to water ; you can ' t make it drink ," Kerry said .                                                   
It is therefore vital that we recognise the challenge that this represents to us as a Church , particularly given that as the established Church we are called to minister and serve the whole nation .                         
Police stopped him , but he had committed no offence and wasn ' t issued a ticket , she said .                                                       
At a campaign event last year in Iowa , Clinton told a crowd that rape victims deserve to be believed .                                                       
M & S said it had enjoyed its best ever Christmas for food sales , which jumped 17 per cent in the key Christmas week .                                             
Allen , who had never directed a TV series before , also admitted at the time that he was not familiar with any Amazon shows , and did not watch TV .                                 
It would be a flight to the bottom for not just Edinburgh , but for the whole country , as 60 per cent of visitors to Scotland come to the city .                                 
They are set to appear in court again Friday for a detention hearing , at which the court will decide whether any of them should be released .                                         
All I can say is yes , he is in the building , medical , contract , when it ' s all done and signed , we ' ll talk about the assets and what he ' ll bring .                 
But Ryan has been under increasing pressure from his most conservative members to also advance legislation that would put this vision into practice .                                                 
We have put sanctions in place , led the arguments in Europe for sanctions against Russia because of their illegal action in the Ukraine .                                               
In Fairfax County , he discovered that the schools receive about 100 threats annually , about one every other day in the academic year .                                               
Some council members , however , are feeling nervous about the political impact of having that information available as their bills are being considered .                                               
The opposition coalition blamed President Bashar Assad ' s regime , but the Syrian government has denied carrying out chemical attacks .                                                     
Maybe it ' s just in my head and there are lots of things I say in my head which in reality tend not to be true .                                         
Senator Cruz is widely seen as eligible for the presidency because he was born in Canada and his mother was a US citizen .                                                 
Also , in the deciding points , I was a little bit better and I think that ' s why the score was the way it was -- it made it look easier than the actual match was .                   
They were taking turns so one could be home with their 11 - year - old - son , the one who just said no to snow .                                         
I am still not sure if it has changed the world for better or worse - at the moment it doesn ' t look like it .                                           
As recently as 2013 , it took the Afghan army 24 hours on average to get medical assistance to wounded troops .                                                     
I could see he had change in the little box but he just kept saying he didn ' t have any change .                                                   
More 5 - star apartments were completed in 2015 and due to be finished in 2016 , than in the 10 previous years combined .                                               
Next week it will break ground on a factory in North Las Vegas , and it promises to make its first car available for sale in 2017 .                                         
The company ' s shares were down 1 . 3 percent at $ 28 . 24 in afternoon trading after falling as much as 3 . 1 percent earlier in the session .                               
" We did our best to make sure that refugees are able to stay as warm and dry as possible this winter and avoid some of the issues we saw last year , like flooding ," she said .                   
As soon as June , Britain may hold a referendum in which voters would be asked whether they want to remain in the bloc or leave it .                                         
For him to take off and make that play -- guys , I can ' t tell you how he has led this group the last three weeks .                                       
The Clinton camp believes a win in Iowa - the first of the primaries , set for February 1 - would set the tone for the election .                                         
" I ' m disappointed to not take the court in Perth today ," Williams said in a news release .                                                       
Tuesday is expected to be a long day of discussion and debate , with the hope that a vote will come Wednesday .                                                   
That is what South Africa ' s new players have to do so by the end of the series we know their names for the right reasons , not the wrong .                                 
25 in Geneva to begin talks aimed at ending nearly five years of conflict that has killed an estimated 250 , 000 people .                                                 
We ' ve been abused and had things thrown at us when the shoulder of the road we ' ve been riding on has disappeared .                                             
Mr Lawrence added : " It ' s not really down to the time frame , it ' s about what you ' re looking to get out of it .                                     
Now , most of this hasn ' t directly been on Beijing ' s books , but has rather come at Beijing ' s direction .                                             
I was surprised therefore to receive an extra premium charge of £ 26 and to be told that my excess was being increased from £ 350 to £ 500 .                                     
In a separate ruling delivered on Thursday , a 15 - year - old Palestinian girl was charged with attempted murder and possession of a knife .                                           
Local taxpayers are paying $ 5 million of Super Bowl expenses , which includes a $ 12 , 000 security bill for a private NFL dinner at City Hall .                                     
And if , in the end , that ' s what the American people want ... well , I hope I never have to finish this sentence .                                         
In the end , after a bad race you learn from it and remember that feeling for next time because it will serve you well .                                             
The former right back has employed the natural right back in both full back positions and on the right of midfield , and he has delivered in each position .                                     
The remains of four people , possibly including a baby , were discovered at the site of a house explosion in rural south central Kentucky , officials said on Wednesday .                                   
British officials refused to comment on the man ' s identity , but intelligence services are working to try to match his voice with that of one of the hundreds of British citizens who have traveled to Syria or Iraq to join the Islamic State .     
The lawyers ' group said its review of dozens of schools ' applications forms found that many institutions do not ask about every run - in with the law .                                     
" I ' ve always had a lower back problem and some weeks it just gets a bit worse ," seven - times major winner Park told reporters .                                       
The second one , which would shut down trading for the day , kicked in after a seven - per - cent decline .                                                 
28 ( UPI ) -- An American Airlines plane flying from London to Los Angeles returned to London after several people on board became sick .                                               
The report , which reviewed public information requests from 1996 to 2015 , called on the department to develop an improvement plan and boost staff levels .                                           
And yesterday those in the industry who are facing cash - flow problems were warned to take action before the 31 January tax payment deadline .                                             
There were some empty seats but plenty of fans still turned up on a cold , wet day for a third round tie against lower league opposition .                                         
Some in the party have gone to talk to Trump , hoping that he will remember them and their ideas if he wins .                                                 
" If you ask our customers , they will tell you that this is the closest you can get to street food in India ," he later explains by phone .                                   
The best advice I ever received was don ' t worry about whether it ' s the right job for you until you get it .                                             
It didn ' t matter for the presidential race ; Barack Obama won New Jersey by about 18 percentage points .                                                       
" Land sales have been very successful to date , with preferred developers now chosen for eight of the nine development lots ," he said .                                             
If you deal with your thoughts and feelings now you will be the life and soul of the party again very soon .                                                   
Apple is widely believed to be preparing a new iPhone that is smaller and cheaper than both its current models , and could release it as early as March .                                     
We were the better side on Monday and we are the better team overall - that shows with where we are in the league .                                               
For K - 12 education , the budget would boost spending by 3 percent over the current year , to a total of $ 7 . 8 billion .                                       
" Coach challenged all of us ," York said after their 49 - game home winning streak was broken by Oregon on Thursday .                                                 
Even out on the streets when I ' m with my kids , I still get abuse now and then .                                                       
At the same time , the district said that the student population has changed and that many of the children who attend school in Fairfax require additional resources .                                       
The problem is that no one quite knows what Mr . Obama ' s bottom line is , or might be .                                                     
I tried to recover and did my best to get back but my body was just not working like that so it felt like I was out for years .                                     
Officials said that while the video left little question about what happened , there was some doubt as to why .                                                       
It ' s not hard to game the system if you know what you ' re doing and you have the need to do so .                                             
Whether that harm was caused in the course of the robbery they had all agreed to carry out that day , or in their efforts to make good their escape afterwards .                                 
Perhaps you ' ve left it a bit late to be ready for the hunt on New Year ' s Day .                                                     
When I interview people , I always hear that they want to " do more strategy " but for the most part , you need to apply that strategic thinking to everything you do .                           
He also has said that the dramatic recent decline in the stock market could be the first sign of coming problems .                                                     
In Scottish football over the last 20 years or so , there have been few players capable of scoring goals as frequently as Commons , and he isn ' t even a striker .                             
" We are working with our local partners , but beyond that I can ' t comment on our response ," she wrote .                                                 
This is an economy that is no bigger than it was in 2000 , and where the only things that are growing are unemployment and poverty .                                           
Even now , with the club having dropped down into League Two , they are still pulling in crowds of around 16 , 000 .                                               
Because the last one was in London , we all just stayed at home and I lost my first game , so it didn ' t even feel like I had had an Olympics .                           
Some people approach the centre to offer their bodies after death as a thank you for treatment by the NHS , or to avoid a traditional religious funeral , the Professor said .                               
He joined as a sports sub - editor , but did not enjoy it as he never got out of the office .                                                   
Liverpool are still to agree a deal for the end of the season and bringing that forward would involve paying a fee to his club .                                             
The Islamic State has lost 14 percent of the territory it held in January , according to a new analysis .                                                       
Some , but not all , of its members are on yet another list of opposition delegates proposed by Russia , by far Syria ' s most powerful ally .                                     
If people think drinking wine or beer will protect their heart , evidence is not solid on this at all .                                                       
Before the news conference , she said on Twitter that she was " proud " of her time at the Justice Ministry .                                                   
Some 2 . 6 million people are expected to try to reach Europe in the next two years , with 30 , 000 arriving this month .                                           
From this perspective , both D . I . and A . I . achieve the same end : making sure you maintain status .                                               
The Iranian leader is due to address up to 500 Italian business leaders on Tuesday before meeting Pope Francis , who is likely to discuss peace prospects for the Middle East and raise the question of human rights in Iran .               
He said a Florida Department of Education study found that the students ' test scores improved after entering private schools .                                                       
" As we get closer to zero , each case takes on increasing importance ," Mr . Carter said in a statement .                                                   
" That was a pretty brutal match ... in the middle of the second and third set we started to play some long points - it was pretty physical - and I held up pretty good I think ," said Murray .             
When I call you , I ' d like you to come straight away so we can eat while the food is hot .                                                 
We have polls and things , but I don ' t think we ' ll know anything until the voting begins .                                                     
Sanders supported the bill , and Clinton opposed it , giving her a rare instance where her record is clearly more liberal than Sanders ' s on a central issue to Democratic voters .                             
Two Republican candidates are campaigning for their party ' s nomination , to be decided by voters in a March primary .                                                     
It ' s just the second time in his career he has scored 30 points in three straight games - he last did it in February of 2014 .                                       
" It ' s a beautiful village , and the coaches that come here contribute to a huge proportion of our trade ," he said .                                             
You can make all the plans you want , but when it comes down to it , a party is really about the people .                                               
Control of Syria ' s second city has been divided between government forces in the west and rebel fighters in the east since mid - 2012 .                                           
According to the Department of Justice , an estimated 17 . 6 million Americans aged 16 or older were victims of at least one attempt or incident of identity theft in 2014 - the most recent year for which the data is currently available .       
I don ' t want to be the guy that makes my career by winning three times in one season .                                                       
That ' s millions of pounds of investment and many jobs , great success for Scotland ," he told BBC Scotland .                                                     
I think it ' s important to remember Celtic brought us in as development coaches , to try and develop young players and that ' s what we ' re trying to do .                             
Women are more likely to be victims of financial abuse than men the research suggests , although this is an issue that affects a significant number of men too .                                     
When they asked initially I think I just wanted to process everything to make sure it was the right decision for me , and ultimately it was .                                         
There are only 300 or so MPs from which the Prime Minister can draw a government and almost 100 seats in government to fill .                                               
You play for five or six years alongside a player like that and you are going to learn a few things off him , but he is very much a coach now and that is the way it is .                 
However , the club have announced it is not possible on this occasion as the stadium will be in use on the date of the match .                                           
It has also asked China to crack down on its banks and businesses that give the North access to foreign exchange .                                                     
The acquisition of more space at its current headquarters follows the company ' s most successful year and comes just 13 months after moving from its previous base because it was too small .                             
This is the greatest country in the world , because if you ' re willing to work hard , you can have absolutely everything you want .                                           
But they were going to have a go at each other and that ' s the type of atmosphere it was .                                                     
If you want things to change , if you want things to improve , then there has to be some short - term pain for longer - term gain .                                     
He said : " The woman who came in with the ticket has three children , I think they are all grown up .                                                   
The news came as one of Google ' s biggest British shareholders has called on the company to pay " much more " in British taxes .                                           
At one point , at my first Australian job , a manager took me aside to ask if some work colleagues " comments were all a bit too close to the bone .                               
They ' d had 6 , 300 volunteers over the course of the campaign -- fewer than Hillary Clinton ' s campaign , but she started earlier .                                         
Italy has brought several cases against global technology companies that have headquarters in low - tax nations like Ireland to avoid paying higher taxes in other countries , like Italy .                                   
She paid tribute to her husband for reaching his goal of raising more than £ 100 , 000 for wounded service personnel .                                                   
That is happening all across this country ," he said , noting that President Obama said the average family ' s health insurance premium would drop by $ 2 , 500 .                                 
He said police had managed to link him to the crimes following an arrest over a minor non - sexual offence in West Australian a few months before his death .                                   
A major snow storm predicted for Washington may cause the government to shut down on Friday , which could delay the release of the rule .                                             
At the moment in the bottle I ' ve chosen with the label , it costs me £ 9 to £ 10 a bottle , with duty .                                         
But then Green left or disappeared or went to France - I ' m not sure what happened - and I never heard a word again .                                           
A father found to have sexually assaulted his 13 - month - old daughter shortly before her sudden death will not face criminal action unless new evidence comes to light .                                   
" Business - to - business companies that help other businesses make money or save money are always a good place to be ," he said .                                           
" I ' m looking for her but the police say everyone has been taken to hospital ," he said .                                                       
He said : " We need to stay calm and act with the club in mind in terms of its proposals and targets and where it ' s moving forward .                                     
One way to make it easier would be to allow groups of small businesses to share the cost of offering a retirement plan to workers .                                             
That ' s compared to nearly three - quarters who felt as though the eight years of Bill Clinton left them in a better position .                                             
You can be very negative but we are in the next round and won two matches out of a very bad period .                                                   
No candidate truly stood out in Thursday night ' s debate , and Mr Cruz and Mr Rubio may actually have damaged their chances .                                               
" When we speak about the middle class , it ' s not a number in America ; its a value system ," he said .                                             
The town is on the edge of a roughly 100 - km strip of Syrian territory controlled by Islamic State militants .                                                     
Right now he ' s using fire to fight fire , he ' s using this as a technique to get the attention he needs to win .                                         
In 2000 , more than three - quarters of jobs were in services and this trend has continued into the 21st century .                                                   
" What we need in leadership is individuals who will tell the truth and will live with integrity ," Romney said in March 2012 .                                               
More than 40 prisoners have died in airstrikes over the past nine months , it said , and more than 4 , 300 prisoners are believed to have escaped .                                     
If this incident does not qualify for extra funding , it can be included in any further claims in 2015 - 16 .                                                   
I didn ' t want to be the boy who came out of the club at 25 with no games behind me .                                                   
What I want to ensure is that my soldiers are properly held to account , but on the other hand they feel that they are being held to account in a fair and appropriate way .                         
While there is of course much more to do , we are making important progress in improving all aspects of the shopping trip .                                                 
He also said he had " no complaints to make " and that he had been treated fairly while in detention and provided medication he needed .                                           
Canada ' s opposition Conservative party noted the previous Conservative government hosted an anti - ISIS coalition meeting last July .                                                       
The manager and the fitness staff condition every training session , they plan it out week by week on what players need .                                                   
Over the next few hours , they talked about race , age , gender - even dress - and how these change the way they act on the job .                                     
That ' s changed recently and now we ' re making sure it plays a big part in the future of the city .                                                 
" I want to do that without anyone seeing my face or any of my management ' s face in a job , because that actually can cloud a decision ," she told the paper .                         
I think from the age of 28 or 29 I started to look at how other players did things towards their future , or saw players struggling .                                         
The metal also faces another potentially challenging year in 2016 amid the prospect of higher US interest rates and a robust dollar .                                                   
Donald Trump , the property billionaire seeking the Republican nomination for the presidency , responded to a terrorist shooting in California by calling for all Muslims to be stopped from travelling to the USA .                           
My father wasn ' t around much so she took care of my brother and I when she had to .                                                       
It takes a lot of energy and a lot of fight to come back , which I credit our guys for fighting and competing .                                               
He is a great talent and when he came on you could see that - 17 years old let ' s not forget that .                                               
A spokesperson for Police Scotland praised the force ' s approach to police work and said the message had received a lot of attention online .                                             
In today ' s situation , today ' s environment , I think you know , it ' s got to be run as a business .                                           
" We believe we have a responsibility to girls and parents to reflect a broader view of beauty ," she said .                                                     
Trump told the crowd he could win Pennsylvania , Virginia , Michigan , Ohio and Florida in the general election if he wins the Republican nomination .                                           
It is crucial that all major producers sit down and come up with a solution ," he told an audience in London on Monday .                                               
I do not want the mistakes made by Angela Merkel in opening the doors to migrants in Germany to be reflected in Britain ' s security .                                           
He will admit there was probably some easier solutions he could have done , but I think it was nice .                                                       
With the England record , when it was getting closer , it was coming up every week , so I ' m sure this will now .                                           
Several banks have said Britain should remain within the EU because a British exit could harm London ' s place as a global financial center .                                             
" This nuclear test by North Korea is a major threat to our country ' s security , and I absolutely cannot accept it ," he told reporters in Tokyo .                                   
" The market doesn ' t like it when you take its sugar away , and now it ' s throwing a fit ," he said .                                           
The odds are against them , and not only because they have always found it difficult to win in France .                                                       
" When I am president we are going to bring it under control once and for all after 30 years of talking about it ," he said .                                         
It was five to eight minutes faster , depending on direction , than the previous summer - although the year - over - year improvement needs also to take into account an end to construction that had been under way in 2014 .           
That ad is coming from some opponent if Christie starts to look like a real threat to win New Hampshire .                                                       
At the federal level , proposals for paid sick leave have failed in the Republican - controlled Congress , despite strong support from the Obama administration .                                           
I think it was good that they feel an important part of the history and the present of the club and I think to feel that history is very important for us .                               
" The fact that Donald is now afraid to appear on a debate stage , that he doesn ' t want his record questioned ... that reflects a lack of respect for the men and women of Iowa ," Cruz said .             
A spokeswoman for his office , speaking before the opposition statement , said the talks would begin on Friday as scheduled .                                                     
The division represented 21 percent of the bank ' s revenue for the quarter , up from 20 percent a year ago .                                                   
We definitely have to be looking for a European place , whether that is fourth , third or who knows .                                                       
That year would have been up next month , but the new Liberal government has asked the court for a six - month extension .                                               
" I didn ' t come here to shoot , I came here to die ," one of the men told a reporter .                                                 
" In broad terms , however , the environment remains very challenging for us and our customers ," he said .                                                       
I haven ' t looked into it too much to be honest , I ' ve just focused on my own game , and I ' ll tackle like I would normally tackle .                             
This supports the Government ' s broader reforms dramatically to reduce the time , cost and risk of traditional drug discovery .                                                     
The meetings would begin with the leaders of Canada , Mexico , Great Britain , France , Germany and Israel , he said .                                                 
Then you need to get into the box between the goals that is where 90 % of them are scored .                                                       
For any movement to occur on these issues , it is this " quiet " majority who must be understood and engaged .                                                   
The possibility that the Russian government and Mr . Putin himself may have been behind the murder had long been discussed by journalists and detailed in books , but it took almost a decade for it to be raised in a legal venue .         
It ' s the best of the senior class within this year ' s draft , so it gives you a chance to really put your hands on these players , watch them move around , watch them compete .                 
Former prime minister Tony Blair has warned that a vote to leave the European Union would be followed by a second independence referendum that would see Scotland leave the UK .                                   
The technology is there for ground transportation right now ... although less so for long - distance ships and planes .                                                       
I give a lot of credit to my teammates here - they ' ve helped me play the right way .                                                       
And at that point the whole world will wonder why no nation - especially the United States - stopped North Korea before it was too late .                                           
Because what you realise at the end of that film is that it ' s all been a performance , all the way through , so there is no going too far .                               
They discussed how the UK could help with plans to reform the economy in particular on energy , transparency , energy and science .                                                 
He said last week he planned to spend at least $ 2 million a week on ads in early voting states .                                                     
" Today , we are dealing with the son of al - Qaeda ," he said , referring to the terrorist group that dominated the region before Islamic State .                                     
I had Australian friends who were doing the same kind of work , but were getting paid over $ 20 an hour .                                                   
You ' re too smart to think your party can simply ask for the same things in a different way and expect victory in a future referendum .                                         
For those who have been following Graham ' s career , this posting shouldn ' t be all that surprising .                                                       
" She told us to study hard to be good MPs , and that she would see how we worked in parliament ," said one .                                             
If you watch that game a couple days ago , that ' s really how they ' ve won most of their games .                                                 
He also pledged his support for the Freedom of Information Act and said they were an essential tool for democracy .                                                       
It probably won ' t stay there , and , each point that it goes up , the odds of a Trump nomination increase .                                               
" They talked about how your health was ill , that you were really not equipped to be in the White House because of that ," the woman noted .                                     
This is about ensuring the BBC ' s long - term future in a way that benefits both the BBC and Scotland .                                                   
For every one that has great results , there ' s probably many more that didn ' t achieve their goal .                                                     
While I will not be a member of the next parliament I hope any new Scottish Government or a member of the new parliament will recognise the need and support for this measure and bring forward legislation .                     
Now I might set some goals but at the moment all I ' m really thinking about is playing for Edinburgh because I ' ve missed it .                                         
" I don ' t know if that was aimed at me ... perhaps ," said Mr Trump after the hour - long service .                                               
11 ( UPI ) -- The United States is engaged in battle with global producers to see who can ensure the future demand for crude oil , a Republican senator from North Dakota said .                             
The meeting , to take place in Brussels in about three weeks , will include representatives of allies from Europe and the Middle East .                                               
There was a period where I didn ' t do anything , and my mum said , " I really think you need to get back and do something .                                       
Several papers scheduled to be presented at the conference this week deal with the effects of immigration on native - born workers , for good and for bad .                                       
In some cases , it has even become a point of pride for those involved in the making of the film .                                                     
The Democratic side remained relatively stable from the early January poll , locked in a tight race within the margin of error for former Secretary of State Clinton and Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders .                           
No matter what they say , there ' s one thing they ' ll never take away from me - I was Olympic champion .                                               
Trump has repeatedly pledged to carry the fight all the way to the convention , although it remains to be seen how he will cope with losing -- if and when that happens .                             
It was 1991 , when the unemployment rate was over 10 per cent in Canada , so there were literally tens of people in multiple waves being laid off at the company because clients stopped spending .                       
He said he had been forced into the drug trade at the age of 15 by a lack of economic opportunity in his home state .                                             
I never used to ask him questions because I was scared of him , but the questions I am asking him now are ' What do you think about this ?                                   
The spokeswoman said : " We ' re constantly looking for ways to make our business as cost efficient and delivery - focused as possible .                                               
You need to fall in love with exercise , and that ' s a big thing I ' m pushing for ," she said .                                               
The old man comes back the next two days in a row and asks the same question , until the frustrated Marine tells him the answer is the same .                                     
We need our rural communities and businesses to be able to engage in a digital world and take advantage of all the benefits it has to offer .                                         
It was partly the defensive skills that we have seen so many times , which made it feel impossible to put the ball past the defending champion .                                         
" The faster we pay off this loan , the more likely we are to get another one ," she said .                                                     
Bernie Sanders is the only politician who has consistently , for 50 years , taken that social justice platform into politics .                                                     
As well as he has played it probably won ' t be the biggest kick of his career going forward .                                                       
The Manchester United team he played in did not win every game and they certainly did not play well all the time .                                                   
While I believe all of our patients had it , you never knew who was going to have it the worst .                                                     
However , shares in the company rose more than 10 per cent in early trade on Monday , as a jump in crude oil prices lifted sentiment in the beaten down sector .                               
He said he will continue to serve the country in other ways , including working against climate change and on protecting marine resources .                                                 
An estimated one in five new mothers develop a mental health problem around the time of the birth of their child .                                                     
" The way that I know when I ' m done is when , with any category , I ' ve discovered all of the interesting things ," he said .                                   
The challenge for operators , parents and politicians is to be innovative - and make travel for children more interesting at the same time .                                               
The unemployment rate is expected to have held steady at a 7 - 1 / 2 - year low of 5 percent .                                                   
Mr Blair said it was important that Britain remains in the EU because of the " strategic and economic " benefits in the face of emerging powers such as India and China .                               
However , the survey was largely complete prior to Wednesday ' s Treasury rally that drove the yield on the 10 - year Treasury below 2 percent , down 29 basis points since the end of 2015 .                     
He said Victoria Police stopped using the devices after a 15 - year - old girl won $ 60 , 000 in a lawsuit against the department in 2008 .                                     
The ratings agency has placed more than 35 energy firms based in Europe , the Middle East and Africa on review , as well as 69 US companies and numerous producers across Asia , Latin America , Russia and Australia .               
To cover the event , interested media are welcome to attend Mr . Hall ' s session , no passes needed .                                                     
The idea of providing a window into an artists life behind the scenes isn ' t new , but it ' s becoming more common in music services .                                       
But because it ' s a dating site , there were actually a lot of guys that were hitting on me .                                                     
At this stage , police are not looking for anyone else in connection with the murder , The Telegraph understands .                                                       
The world No 2 has made it clear that he will leave the moment he gets the call from Kim , his wife , that she needs him back at home .                                 
The tech giant said revenue could fall at least 8 . 6 per cent during the January - March quarter , compared with a year earlier .                                           
In addition to fighting ISIS in Iraq , the group is also sending fighters to support the regime of president Bashar al - Assad in Syria .                                           
The sector faces clear and substantial challenges and as politicians it is our job to work with the industry through these difficult times .                                                 
" There aren ' t as many people as I was expecting and I thought there would be a longer ceremony and a speech by Mr Hollande , but it ' s very moving all the same ," she said .               
As time wore on I knew it was going to be more difficult and less likely that I would get a chance but I never gave up hope .                                       
He argued the reason he was unable to " progress " was because of a policy that kept him in high - security .                                                 
But the Kremlin has made clear that its forces are supporting the government of Syria , not a particular leader .                                                       
A friend is going through a hard time at the moment and , of course , you want to help them in some way .                                               
As cloud services rapidly expand , Microsoft will have to demonstrate that its products are equal to , or better than , those of its competitors in both quality and price .                                 
States like Utah have passed laws that let certain new - economy companies operate only after they register with the state and meet insurance standards .                                             
He has the opportunity to play and I ' m happy for him , and I hope he comes back in the best shape he can be .                                         
It ' s about playing your game and not trying to do too much , trying to be somebody you ' re not .                                                 
When your daughter doesn ' t get any sleep at night and you ' re up , that ' s part of us being parents and dealing with things at home and stuff .                             
" I ' m not against anybody , I don ' t want anybody to go down or be hurt ," he said .                                                 
" We ' re aware of a technical issue affecting the BBC website and we are working to fix this now ," the BBC press office said .                                         
A former justice minister said two years ago more than 17 , 500 official positions had special protection before the law .                                                     
However , Mr Lewis said further rises presented " a major uncertainty " hanging over both the Fed and markets .                                                       
Iraq ' s prime minister is appealing to Turkey to pull its troops out of Iraqi territory and help better fight the radical Islamic State group .                                           
The officials could not say exactly how much money was there or in what currency , but one described it as " millions ," CNN reported .                                           
One who did not want to be named told last night how she had seen officers speaking to Mr Simpson - Kent .                                                   
MPs heard that some charities made it difficult or impossible for donors to block further communication from them or other charities .                                                     
A new target should be introduced for all children to read well by the age of 11 and a First Minister ' s reading prize created that pupils could enter after finishing a dozen books , it said .                   
Just in terms of the movement of the players , you ' ve got a lot more options , the way you can pass the ball .                                           
Almost none of them will ride a bike and very few walk , so more cars will be on the roads .                                                     
" I have more hope at the state and local level , where we have citizen activists understanding the community , reaching out and trying to build on those basic laws ," King said .                           
The president said in his weekly radio address on Friday he has received " too many letters from parents , and teachers , and kids , to sit around and do nothing " about the issue .                       
" England didn ' t get out of their World Cup pool and Scotland did and nearly made it to the semi - final ," said Jones , the former Japan coach .                               
" I knew him by reputation and was aware of his image as a guy who wasn ' t afraid to fight ," Trump wrote in his book .                                       
But a second , alternative , proposal , put forward by The Children ' s Wood , was also passed by the committee .                                                 
Elizabeth Warren could have made the issue central , but by May it was clear that Warren was not a candidate .                                                     
I think it ' s going to take a very good morning session from us to be able to put South Africa under pressure on that last day but we ' re not ruling it out .                       
We had to weather the storm here today and they cut it to four , and we got ourselves back together again .                                                   
The Fed last month raised rates by a quarter point from near zero , the first increase in a decade .                                                       
No matter how rapidly a project can be built , it ' s supposed to last a long time , and that gets us to another challenge for data - driven decision - making .                           
With the pace we ' re trying to play at , that we want to continue to play at , it ' s important for me to do that .                                     
It was a great day and a wonderful occasion , but if I could actually be on the field and make a difference in a final then that would be special .                                 
Because of the way investments are made , though , it does not have the same risk of losses to principal when interest rates increase .                                             
A Fox News poll released this week found every Republican , even Trump , leading in a trial heat with Clinton .                                                     
The victory also allowed the Spurs to extend their regular - season home victory streak to 34 games , dating to an overtime loss to Cleveland last March .                                       
The findings may indicate a problem healthcare providers need to be aware of , the study ' s senior author said .                                                     
And when we hit them with that run , it ' s hard to respond sometimes on the road for teams .                                                     
If you don ' t live on the East Coast , but instead live on the West Coast , that ' s 4 p . m . your time .                                     
That ' s before accounting for taxes and transfer payments such as Social Security , which the trio will account for in an upcoming paper using the same new data .                                   
The Supreme Court earlier this month also banned trucks from entering the city if they are over 10 years old .                                                       
Ryan has been pushing the message for weeks and the Wall Street Journal writes that Ryan sees himself as the man in charge .                                                 
If he is on the streets , at least people would be aware and we might get some sort of closure .                                                     
But I was staying in British hotels , I flew on British aircraft , I was meeting members of the British establishment , and who could have given it to me only God knows ," he said .                     
The killing was among a series of fatal incidents across the United States that have put law enforcement agencies under scrutiny over their use of force , particularly against minorities .                                   
In attack we knew what to expect too , but again they played well and we were not up to the standard we usually are ," he said .                                       
" I ' m just here " cause he ' s promised me a spot in his cabinet ," she said .                                                     
We have a lot of things to do ; the club is building a stand , this is for the long - term development of the club .                                         
I know he didn ' t hit that ball well , but he comes right back and makes a big kick .                                                     
And those who do survive may live with long term side effects from their treatment , which can have an impact throughout their adult lives .                                             
The same cycle is being repeated today , with investment cut to a level that , in the long term , will leave supply more than a third lower than present demand .                               
We also pay for a number of additional services to support people through their treatment and after the treatment has finished .                                                     
Here I am denied a flight , because I am by birth an Iranian citizen - something I can ' t change even if I wanted to .                                         
And though the Warriors ( 31 - 2 ) are off to a record start this campaign they could easily fall back down to earth if their leader continues to sit .                                 
He made a goal , not too bad , and in the last game he came in and it was important for the draw .                                               
But all of the 20 I ' ve reported are still ' live ' cases , so many more could come good .                                                   
If investors believe there is recovery on the high street they may roll out the red carpet for a split .                                                       
It ' s like taking the testimony of an American soldier in Iraq who went into a home to watch a soccer game and then saying that all the American soldiers do this .                             
I ' m lucky now to not have to worry about money , but I ' ve always lived below my means .                                                   
The forward - looking statements in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release and are expressed in good faith .                                             
I went first to Sanders ' s , which is located ... in a bank , which is off - brand for him .                                                 
These are the kind of games you have to win when you have games in hand to try and get back into that upper group .                                             
" So we all suspect it has something to do with his upcoming books ," Lee told the Guardian , though he wouldn ' t say which political figure might have been the subject .                           
The two economies have declined to join the bank that plans to focus on building infrastructure that could bridge Europe and Asia , and provide financial support for projects in developing countries .                               
" What I have done my entire life ," she continued , " was to do everything to help people who were really up against it .                                             
The change does not affect targeting procedures in other places like Libya where the Islamic State has a growing presence , the official said .                                               
The last time I saw crowds this size and with this much blind passion for their candidate was for Barack Obama in 2008 .                                                 
It is not so much the church ' s physical structure that appears in his work , although it does occasionally .                                                     
This might be the only race you ever run or could be the start of a new passion in your life , but enjoy the journey , embrace the experience , smile and give it your best shot .                   
The move marks the first time an Indian prime minister has crossed the border into Pakistan in over ten years .                                                       
The governor ' s office saw that as progress - as well as a good reason to keep hunting for wins overseas .                                                   
So what I would urge doctors is to look very carefully at the offer that is on the table , look at the letter that has been sent to you by our NHS .                             
Sun said he had filed the lawsuit in December because he wanted to form a family unit with his 36 - year - old partner .                                             
He said he turned his back on her to tend to their son and that he pushed back with his hip when she pushed him , causing an " accident " where she fell and hit her head .                   
She has earned her reputation through over two decades of expert execution of professional and highly effective advice to millions of families .                                                   
" It is really important that members of the community can make Freedom of Information requests to us and not be charged for doing that ," he said .                                       
Most of us would probably start by thinking about the political climate in the United States and the popularity of Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , Donald Trump and the other Republican candidates .                             
" In a few hours , 2015 will be gone and 2016 will come ," he told the second group .                                                       
This time , many of the men were convicted of having links to Al Qaeda , whose agenda was not all that different from that of the earlier extremists .                                     
We ' ve got to take better care of the basketball , and it starts with playing with more force .                                                       
U . S . military leaders say the coalition is gaining ground on IS , and they hope the six core nations can encourage others to contribute .                                         
" It ' s just like recently , I had to change some things in my campaign because they simply weren ' t working ," Carson continued .                                         
According to official figures , these policy moves have kept the Chinese economy growing ; indeed , the growth rate of G . D . P . hasn ' t fallen much below the official target of seven per cent .               
There has been some debate in the country as to whether to ban the Islamic State ' s signature flag , for example .                                                 
In the end , Canada still needs to be able to function , even when there ' s a transition in government .                                                   
Over the past year , The Post found that the vast majority of those shot and killed by police were armed and half of them were white .                                         
" The evidence in this case will show that this was a million - to - one possibility ," she said .                                                     
He also was trying to preserve a pipeline to education and employment opportunities for minorities that would , he promised , actually improve their access to college and state contracts .                                   
If you ' ve never tried ( or heard of such a thing ), then it ' s time to switch things up .                                                 
So the reason to work towards equality - if you ' re a woman or a man - is because it ' s going to help you .                                         
Asked if further sanctions could be taken , he said : " We will look very carefully at the report and all the detail .                                                 
They are part of a plan endorsed by the Security Council last month to end the five - year - war that has killed 250 , 000 people and created millions of refugees .                             
Some players believe that in 15 to 20 years , there won ' t be much need for oil because of electric cars .                                                 
The email said : " Following an incident on campus recently , we would like to bring the following guidance to your attention .                                                   
About 15 - 20 % of the one million migrants , who have received or are seeking asylum in Germany , are estimated to be children below 16 years of age .                                 
The shareholders said they would prefer that than wait for Yahoo to go through with its plan to seek a tax - free spin - off of the operation , which includes Yahoo ' s sports and news sites as well as its popular email service .   
The incident was captured on film by one of the passengers in the four wheel drive and quickly went viral .                                                       
" So far no media boss has been removed from their post , some have left , so on what basis is the commissioner concerned ," he continued .                                       
" I ' m just concerned about the kids who are still going through the process Nick went through ," he said .                                                   
The Vermont senator also said he spoke with Obama about the war on ISIS , the approach to which he called a major difference between himself and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton .                                 
The women started their trip hoping to raise more than $ 500 , 000 for charity but have so far managed around $ 77 , 500 .                                           
Mr Robert , a former Army intelligence captain who served in Australia and overseas on operations and is the first veterans affairs minister in 30 years who is actually a veteran , said he was not concerned by security .                 
The 20 - year - old finally changed to a new black pair in the second set and seemed far more comfortable from then on .                                             
" I think for anyone who is innocent , whose name gets talked about with that stuff , then you for sure feel sorry for them if they have done nothing wrong ," he said .                         
" We will see where the investigation leads us ," said Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross , who was in only his fourth day on the job Friday .                                       
There ' s little doubt that the Obama presidency has prompted a big surge in gun ownership in the United States .                                                     
He ' s been with us since May , but we wanted some privacy and time for him and our family to bond before telling the world .                                         
It told big shareholders that they still had to hold on to their stock , at least most of it .                                                       
But now he has , by backing Cruz over Trump , he announced Wednesday night in a live Fox News Channel appearance .                                                   
The growth of Reagan ' s GOP has led to a robust debate over what alternative the Republicans should offer .                                                       
" Even with the best efforts of the firefighters we are expecting the worst in the coming hours ," he told Reuters .                                                   
The U . S . has asked coalition members to boost their military contributions in Iraq and Syria against IS after the deadly attacks in Paris in November .                                       
It ' s pretty well established , but if you ' re not looking for it , you probably wouldn ' t know it was there .                                           
I bought my one - bedroom flat for £ 68 , 000 and eventually sold it a couple of years later for £ 85 , 000 .                                           
" It ' s opened up a door that I didn ' t think would be open to me ," he recalled telling Bush .                                               
If there is one thing that I think I can do , it is to warn others not to use their mobile telephone while driving .                                             
" I ' ve been around a couple guys who have been involved in franchise records and they ' re very special seasons ," he said .                                           
I don ' t know about anyone else , but I ' ve been kind of watching them just to see their style and how they carry themselves because I felt like we were going to see them again .                 
So basically , this is a book about how -- once you have an idea -- you bring it into reality .                                                     
That ' s how much money has already been spent attacking me this cycle - the vast majority of it from the Republican establishment , most of it in the key early states of Iowa and New Hampshire .                   
Do I have a voice in whether or not that ' s going to be used one way or another ?                                                       
Unfortunately we weren ' t able to make the playoffs or anything like that , but have a great team effort , not just this game but this whole second half of the season , it was a good one , good deal .         
We want people to explore and experience the wonder of these protected places with us and through us , and support our efforts to understand and preserve them .                                       
But as we ' ve noted before , the best way to measure job creation is to look at the rate of job growth .                                               
The initiative is designed to save almost £ 600 million by cutting down on the use of call centres , face - to - face meetings and other public - facing government operations .                             
For the period 2016 through 2019 , capital spending will rise to between 5 percent and 5 . 5 percent of revenue , up from 4 . 4 percent in 2014 .                                 
Now you have a black female leading the district who will also be somewhat of a voice on public education in the state of Kansas .                                             
Still , there ' s no indication if any of these companies " technologies will appear in Apple ' s future products .                                                   
I ' m not surprised at these figures , because mortgage regulation and the desire of the Bank of England not to have a debt - driven economy means that there ' s only so much cash to go around .               
After this latest attack , though , some patients didn ' t come back because they were certain the hospital would be hit again .                                               
But Cook would have had to score even more to take his team ahead in this game , which has run away from them since the first afternoon .                                       
I ' m just trying to work as hard as I can in training and catch the manager ' s eye , and hopefully I ' ve done that .                                     
The Paris attacks are believed to have been directed by the Islamic State , while the group has claimed it inspired the couple who carried out the California killings .                                     
Today , as at many other times in our history , America needs leaders who not only identify our problems , but who have the ability to repair our broken system .                                 
Ten people were rescued , while 11 bodies - those of four boys , three girls , three men and one woman - were recovered .                                             
There is no doubt we are in a challenging financial environment - despite the savings already made , it is my responsibility working with colleagues to deliver the best service possible with the available resources .                         
" My goal is to take the audience as far as they will possibly go and still be on my side ," he explained .                                               
He also told Channel 4 News : " He doesn ' t know anything , he is just a small boy .                                                       
Six U . S . officials told Reuters that the U . S . government could not confirm that any Americans were among the 33 suspects detained .                                         
And all older people should be given a single point of contact to guide them around the health and care system , the report says .                                             
They have also , according to the force ' s civilian watchdog , still to draw up a consistent list of vulnerable sites with partner agencies .                                           
For the first time ever the nations of the world have come together to agree that every single one of them will act to cut carbon pollution .                                         
The deal would mark a strong start to healthcare M & A in 2016 , after the sector saw it ' s biggest deal making streak in history last year .                                   
[ But ] in the 35 years I ' ve spent in football I have had to come through this situation before .                                                   
We talk about the young players making the transition from academy football to first - team football , getting the quality of challenge , then European football would be perfect for us .                               
Indeed , the Post - ABC poll finds a majority of Republicans trust Trump more than any candidate to handle the economy and bring needed change to Washington .                                       
A Turkish police officer told Reuters that he saw body parts after the explosion , amid reports of several injuries .                                                       
" It was a bill that was created by , among others , the trade organization that includes many of my clients ," he said .                                             
" Trump offered to appear at the debate upon the condition that Fox News contribute $ 5 million to his charities ," the network said in a statement .                                       
A state of emergency was declared in Tennessee , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , the District of Columbia and parts of other states .                                         
I have no doubt that Eddie wants to win every game and I would hope that we would be right up there .                                                   
But thanks to a school that recently opened in north Baltimore , she thinks she may finally be on the right track .                                                   
A unique product , a solid business model , and a healthy balance sheet are simply not enough to generate interest in the current investment climate .                                           
The Scottish Government said the act continued to be an " extremely powerful " tool in the fight against organised crime in Scotland .                                                 
A Right - wing video made last month accused several prominent Israeli human rights campaigners of being " foreign agents " who side with Palestinian terrorists against Israel .                                       
All three were taken to area hospitals with injuries that were serious but not life - threatening , authorities said .                                                       
I felt the best solution was for me personally to commit to our residents that we would fix this , and that ' s what we ' re doing .                                     
For older people , who might not live long enough to enjoy the benefits of investing in stocks over the long term , it makes more sense to put money in bonds .                               
For example , when asked whether they would buy a new smartphone this year , less than half ( 48 percent ) said yes -- a six - point drop from 2015 .                               
Iran had earlier warned Saudi Arabia on several occasions not to go ahead with the death sentence , first handed down by a court in October 2014 .                                         
So , while I wish that 2016 is a better year than the one just gone , I ' m not all that optimistic .                                               
When you add in the fact there is going to be a brand new England team , motivated by having a new coach , well Scotland are going to have to play extremely well to achieve victory .                     
I remember being delighted for them when they beat Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi - finals in 2010 , but hopefully there will be no repeat on Sunday .                                     
Still , even if A . I . and D . I . have a lot in common - even if they ' re both about status - the research from Blake and his colleagues suggests that they are different in at least one fundamental way .   
But I equally think that the regulator has a very , very difficult job to do , which is striking the balance between looking after the people who are its members , the financial institutions , and the consumer .                 
But they are clearly determined to hire more executives from the big banks as they grow , in part to show investors that they have top quality management running increasingly large businesses .                               
" We agree that there cannot be business as usual , and we agreed that we will work very closely together to determine the steps that we can take in order to address our increasing concerns about that nuclear test ," Kerry said in Washington .     
We have spent a lot of time planning and preparing the team , now they are in place I ' m certain 2016 is going to be a major year for City and our clients .                         
There were 30 of us in our cars , keeping warm however we could ," he said in the video message .                                                     
" I have stood with you throughout my life and throughout my career ," Clinton told an audience of mostly women .                                                     
But why hold a press conference on the Friday and then hold another on the Monday , before they even had a manager ?                                                 
The truth of the seventh debate is that what took place on that stage over those two hours did not reflect the reality of either the Republican nomination fight or , at least for the moment , this country .                 
I ' m just saying , in my opinion , and you already seen it - the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit .                                               
" We don ' t know if it ' s months or years ," he said of the testing process .                                                       
More than a million migrants arrived in the country last year , and a U . N . report released on Wednesday predicted that a million more would reach Europe in 2016 , most of them headed to Germany from Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan .     
No , we moved , but its only half a mile away , and it ' s still a semi , only a slightly bigger one .                                           
I just find her to be an incredibly important person in the world today and I look to her to see how she ' s managed it .                                         
But of course , not all return policies are created equal , and that ' s where the findings get interesting .                                                     
We ' ve grown up a lot as a team in the past few weeks and we trust each other .                                                       
It fears driving away big companies by making them pay the same rates small companies pay : and so doesn ' t .                                                   
At the moment , that is the price not just for the central bank measures that have driven rates down , but also the price of easy access to your money .                                 
THE West Australian opposition says it will " embrace the private sector " as part of its latest education policy announcement ahead of next year ' s state election .                                     
The Islamic State group seized much of northern and western Iraq , including the second largest city , Mosul , in the summer of 2014 .                                             
At any one time we have two thirds of the largest 800 businesses under investigation , bringing in extra tax day in , day out .                                             
The new parliament will be dominated by people who were once political prisoners and that tells you that the people did not like the military government .                                           
A statement released on public television late on Saturday urged residents to provide information on the militant , whom they named .                                                     
The key is to make an educated guess about what jobs you may enjoy , and then seek out activities and conversations that will teach you more about those roles .                                   
Sanders is seeking a firm commitment from the Hillary Clinton campaign for debates in March , April , May , according to a person familiar with the negotiations .                                       
Researchers also found a " very large difference " in the progress made during the first year of primary school by children in " high " and " low " performing schools .                               
But that ' s the way that type of injury is and we are going on the doctor ' s advice on how to get him into a regular pattern of training that can help him to recover from the bad head knock .         
I didn ' t know how to not talk about Star Wars , or which animal would beat which other animal in a battle .                                               
It is cheap on all three measures and its current p / e of 6 . 4 is just above half the long term average of 11 .                                         
Dr Fox suggested he could stand again for the Tory leadership once the referendum has taken place , with Mr Cameron due to step aside before the next election .                                     
If you are travelling with a non - EU airline , between two non - EU airports , then you are bound by the terms of your contract .                                       
Murray was up 40 - 0 on serve and looked for all money like he was going to take a 6 - 5 lead .                                               
" The information we have from the company today is that these buses aren ' t being used for Adelaide Metro services ," he said .                                             
It might be better than gas or coal , but it still results in nine to 25 times more carbon emissions and air pollution than wind power , per unit of energy generated .                             
Of course , if there had been Twitter back then , both of them might have been able to make their presence felt with a tweet .                                           
People too young to vote in 1999 have children of their own now , children born in 1999 will soon be eligible to vote themselves .                                             
We realised we did not need any presents nearly as much as others needed help in the refugee camps in Calais .                                                     
" My own financial situation doesn ' t allow me to be a volunteer leader any longer ," he says .                                                       
If we play like this then it is possible for everybody to win against us and that is not allowed .                                                       
At the same time , she has promised not to raise taxes on families earning less than $ 250 , 000 per year , and whose support she needs to secure the Democratic nomination ahead of the election in November .               
You don ' t get that with anyone else and Yes voters as well as No voters should back us if they want that platform .                                             
Twitter users were quick to question why the politician , who had 12 , 500 Twitter followers , had removed his online presence on Wednesday afternoon .                                           
On Sunday the Labour leader suggested that the British government should be open to keeping a diplomatic back - channel open to Isis .                                                 
The Home Office has insisted that communications laws need to be updated to keep citizens safe , with terrorists and criminals increasingly using digital communications .                                             
69 % of the time , when the CEO leads digital change , firms invest more than 10 % of their revenues in digital projects over the following year .                                     
When you think about it , we ' ve only been cooking with gas and electricity for a tiny length of time , but people have been cooking with fire for thousands of years .                           
But if you do leave , then go to a team that plays in the Premier League and can stay there .                                                     
But some analysts have questioned the long - term stability of the government and said there was a lack of details on other policies , including welfare , education and civil rights .                               
The internet is increasingly important as we shop from international retailers online and check out products before we go to a store .                                                   
I have no doubt that he will add huge value to the team and I look forward to working with him .                                                     
Family members have suggested that Miss Blake intended to end her relationship with the suspect in the run - up to Christmas .                                                   
The message for the Republicans should be clear : if you want to win , then don ' t choose Mr Trump .                                                   
The 26 - year - old has been linked with Chelsea , Manchester United and Liverpool , but according to The Sun he may be moving elsewhere .                                         
" Men are far more likely to take their own lives - yet less likely to seek help - than women who are more likely to seek help ," she said .                                 
Police checked the identity of 71 suspects that night , and the majority were carrying registration documents as asylum - seekers who had recently arrived in Germany , according to a second leaked police report .                         
I like how he talked about the history that a lot of younger people didn ' t know she did ," she added .                                                 
I hope he can win , but his impact has already been made and his legacy ... shouldn ' t be affected by this one game .                                           
In return , the European Union pledged 3 billion euros ($ 3 . 25 billion ) to help improve the refugees " conditions .                                                 
Italy hopes its trade with Iran will now surge and sees the best opportunities in oil and gas , cars and transport , and construction and furniture .                                         
Donald J Trump , the next president of the United States , said he ' ll build a wall on the Mexican border .                                                 
Authorities said they think the incident was " domestic in nature and was contained to the home ," according to a statement .                                                   
If you must get in your car , be prepared : The smart money during a storm and its aftermath is to stay inside as much as possible .                                       
That ' s a very good thing if you are a member of the political press and , at the moment , not a very good thing if you are Hillary Clinton .                               
The airport posted particularly strong international passenger growth of nine per cent to 8 . 7 million - plus in 2015 , from 8 . 1 million .                                         
We believe we ' re ahead of the pack in the race for a Zika vaccine ," he said in an interview .                                                   
The measure , which he referred to as " constitutional carry ," now goes to the full Senate for its consideration .                                                     
The former governor of New York , who led the state during the September 11 attacks , had been out of politics for almost a decade .                                           
He was aggressive when he beat Djokovic in the Canadian Open final but that was over the best of three sets .                                                     
It ' s like trying to turn on a light switch harder , but I can ' t get that out of my arms .                                               
Princess is one of the largest employers in the South West and the move is expected to have a significant impact on the local economy .                                             
Michael R . Bloomberg , the billionaire and former New York mayor , is considering making an independent bid for the presidency , a move that could provide yet another wild turn in a 2016 race that has already seen more than its share of them .   
Instead , he ' s played two of the best games of his career since signing a four - year extension on Jan .                                                 
Authorities , who say they believe the boy ' s father is a security guard , are investigating how the 2 - year - old got hold of the weapon , she said .                             
To that end , the dramatic falls witnessed in the first three weeks of the year are less important that what happens in the next three .                                           
No , they ' re not bad things ; no , you wouldn ' t want to run a country without them .                                                   
I don ' t think it ' s a particularly big issue because in the cold war it was , it isn ' t now .                                             
" If we are going to be able to make an informed decision then work on that has to be done ," she said .                                               
The campaign is also using Clinton ' s husband to sell the message that she is a fresh , exciting candidate .                                                     
About 3 , 500 U . S . troops are serving in Iraq , mainly as advisers to Iraqi security forces , and 9 , 800 are serving in Afghanistan under a similar role for the Afghan army and police .               
The best is when you play on the world stage when you have a chance to represent your country or team .                                                     
Then we spoke on the phone a bit and decided to go for it and we haven ' t looked back since .                                                   
" To stay in office , free to actually attack the government on a fundamental question about Britain ' s role in the world is a pretty extraordinary situation ," he said .                               
It is rare for a player with no experience of life , football and pressure in England to take to the Premier League with ease when joining in January .                                     
The officials don ' t seem to understand that the calls they ' re making are affecting games and can affect playoff spots .                                                 
Oxford University researchers predicted in 2013 , for example , that 47 percent of U . S . jobs were at risk .                                                   
They ' ve won all their home games , but it ' s not been the sort of big wins they ' ve registered away from home .                                         
The West team ' s win put them up two games with nine wins to the East ' s seven in the Army Bowl series .                                             
If we keep working hard on the training field , we are getting better and more experienced the more we play and I think we can only get better .                                     
A : He is a person of strength even though people figure because he ' s soft - spoken that maybe he doesn ' t have any strength .                                       
There have also been reported cases in Australia but it is believed the last case was in 2014 , Fairfax reported .                                                     
The 34 - year - old has been an influential player for United for the last decade but has struggled with injuries this season .                                               
She ' ll be running in a state that has voted for the Republican presidential candidate in the last 10 elections .                                                     
An external review that reported the details of the incident and led to the clinic ' s closing has been pulled from the centre ' s website .                                         
I ' m doing a better job of just staying in the moment and not getting too excited or thinking about the finish line .                                               
It affects clients , potential buyers and service providers to 120 South Korean businesses in the North Korean border city .                                                       
The results were the chain ' s best in the U . S . in almost four years , according to The Wall Street Journal .                                             
Some U . S . Air Force F - 35 jets will also take part in the events , according to sources familiar with the plans .                                           
It was unclear just who within his squad the criticism had been aimed at but his team were still six players down for the return tie .                                           
There is also concern over attacks by Islamist militants , including an assault on a beach resort in June that killed 39 .                                                   
I have never been more confident in my answer to Netflix asking me if I ' d like to continue watching .                                                     
The decision to no longer pursue this argument will add to the questions Clinton has faced for months over her handling of sensitive government information as she seeks to maintain her position as the favorite to become the Democratic nominee .               
Under the plan , 10 per cent of all units built in Victoria would be acquired by the State Government for use by those who are living on less than $ 600 a week .                           
Sunday ' s committee vote was required after a bizarre result a week earlier , when a secret ballot among party activists resulted in a draw .                                           
" It ' s not a bad match - up for me as she is not a big server ," she said .                                                   
There won ' t be another vote for 10 more days ( Nevada ) and then it ' ll be another week until South Carolina , the last of the big four early states , votes .                       
" We know that ambulance calls double for people aged under 25 who are drunk on Australia Day ," he said .                                                     
Victoria ' s annual population growth rate is the still the nation ' s highest at 1 . 7 per cent but this is below its average rate of growth over the past decade .                           
Because this league is very demanding and if you think that you can do it just on your quality , given by talent , then this is killing you .                                     
And higher US rates will , of course , increase the debt - service costs of dollar loans held by relatively young companies in countries like Turkey and China .                                     
Arsenal are not only a good possession team , that ' s the problem , they have good counter - attacks too and that ' s what you have to be aware of .                             
Last year , government officially recognised the benefits of the sharing economy by accepting the majority of recommendations to make the UK a global leader in this emerging sector .                                     
Iran has defended its measures to protect the Saudi embassy , saying it is investigating the matter and has made arrests .                                                     
The death takes the year ' s road toll to 10 - down from 15 at the same time last year .                                                     
" I thought we were on top in the whole game and just didn ' t take our chances : we didn ' t have enough quality in the final third ," he said .                           
These devices can ' t match the performance of iPhone , but are good enough for most consumers at a much lower price .                                                 
I ' d like to say that I sit around the table and have breakfast with my husband and two boys , but I just want to get to work .                                   
I just didn ' t quite have it today after giving myself a lot of work to do going into the last 18 holes , but it ' s not a bad way to start the season .                     
" Our players took a lot of pride themselves responding to what they thought was a poor finish in Chicago and took it upon themselves and took ownership out there and were able to win a couple games against a really good team ," Fisher said .   
The spending watchdog raised concerns about the department ' s ability to decide how to end funding after a ­ crisis .                                                     
" We want to finish above our polling average , which is 12 per cent , so we ' re looking at 14 or 15 per cent ," he said .                                   
" I wanted to make sure I had some security in case something happened ; I knew so many friends who were in debt , and I didn ' t want that ," she says .                         
The way that change takes place - and that ' s always been the case in this country - is when people on the bottom begin to stand up and say enough is enough .                           
She has such a bright future - she ' s so young - and I ' ll look forward to seeing her do well in the future .                                         
" No one was talking about it in France , but I started talking to doctors to know about the possible effects ," she told AFP .                                           
You would only have one as a pet if you were prepared to be active and take them for long walks .                                                     
He will coach me and push me , and I ' ll listen to everything he has to say and go from there .                                                 
The German government has now demanded dialogue to prevent further changes to the European Union ' s internal freedom of movement .                                                     
Like the rest of the population , migrants eat , shop , and spend money in the economy , creating an extra 1 . 2 local jobs each , according to a recent academic study .                         
The FBI in a statement confirmed the agency ' s Chicago field office has opened a civil rights probe into the shooting .                                                   
An Apple Watch app can record your speed and text a warning to friend or relative if you ' re going too fast .                                                 
Phoenix estimates its revenue for the three months ending December 31 , 2015 to be in the range of $ 18 . 0 million to $ 20 . 0 million .                                   
He ' s number 11 , he ' s got 1 percent in the polls , and how he got up here , there ' s far too many people anyway .                                 
He said : " I didn ' t want to be here , to be honest , I wanted to be about five minutes away at the debate .                                         
" We ' re trying to be effective and move the ball down the field and score points ," Brady said .                                                     
But none of the songs feels connected to any of the other songs - even guest stars on the same track don ' t connect with each other .                                       
So what was the starting point was not something I , as First Minister , with the job of standing up for Scotland , could ever sign up to .                                     
He ' s a tough guy and he ' s decided we ' ve reached a stage in the campaign where people are looking for that , so he ' s going to let that side of him show .                 
This is one of the first movies I ' ve seen that I believe every American should have to watch .                                                       
" Where there is fiscal space , more infrastructure spending is certainly something that should be on the table ," he added .                                                   
But I ' d already gone to school , so it didn ' t make sense to go back full time .                                                     
So even if [ I ] don ' t like Hillary as much as Bernie , I feel more confident that she would win the general election .                                         
She said : " In that meeting she talked about staff reporting on other staff members if they were concerned and staff coming forward if they were feeling particularly stressed .                                     
At the moment , with oil prices at a low , Iran is more important to Pakistan ' s energy needs than Saudi Arabia .                                               
But the fact is the Denver Broncos are trying to win the Super Bowl with a quarterback who can ' t throw the football .                                               
3 : 28 p . m . update : Watch the winter storm all weekend , live from the roof of The Washington Post !                                               
GOP voters , meanwhile , are much more focused , with 63 percent saying they ' ve been paying close attention , compared with 52 percent at this stage in 2008 .                                 
It didn ' t influence my decision because it was really all about the football but it was an added bonus .                                                     
And then following that up in December and January with a lot of meetings , and talking about preparation and the technology that they ' re bringing to the broadcast and just how we ' re working together as a team , coming up with great ideas . 
While significant change in the oil market could raise gas prices , the presence of Iranian oil and weak growth of the global economy make that outcome unlikely .                                       
8 presidential election - will not feature the man who has dominated the Republican race for months and leads many opinion polls .                                                   
Even the people who run the center are quick to admit that the facility is only a small step in addressing a growing drug crisis .                                             
I think that when everyone ' s story is told then that makes for better art ," the President said .                                                       
It is not clear , at this moment , whether either Trump or Cruz would easily win over all House Republicans .                                                     
It ' s something that ' s what gets put out there , how we attack work every day , the players .                                                   
I told them the other day they can be anything they would want to be as long as they work hard at it .                                                 
Turkey says that its land border with Syria will remain open and that the country will continue to welcome Syrian refugees .                                                     
At home , Mr . Cameron is under pressure from lawmakers in his party who are critical of the European Union , and who argue that he is asking for too little .                               
People think that if they choose a goal , they have turned down other goals , so by not choosing , all opportunities are open .                                             
The event comes after a young employee at a center for asylum - seekers was stabbed to death earlier this week .                                                     
It ' s been a well - planned route from talented teenager to a world top - 20 player for the 22 - year - old .                                           
Officials believe some councils motivated by political views have blocked new free schools opening up , despite pressure on state school places in their area .                                             
He added : " Not just me , my friends are also so happy , we don ' t know how to put it into words .                                             
That will be a tough sell in a country where most people keep their money in cash at home and have little trust in government .                                             
But Mr Trump told Fox Business : " I don ' t think they ' ve found him [ Mr Putin ] guilty .                                                   
The players need to take responsibility as well and we have not done well enough in a couple of games recently .                                                     
The younger Bush explained that he felt the need to prove he was able to win the nomination without the help of his famous family , adding that he was looking to " balance " their assistance with the need to go his own way .     
The government is trying to raise awareness and fight the mosquito but we won ' t achieve control in the short term under the current circumstances .                                           
Edwards also called on the state to raise the minimum wage , fight poverty , and ensure women and men receive equal pay for equal work .                                           
In a Facebook post he wrote : " Every year , I take on a personal challenge to learn new things and grow outside my work at Facebook .                                         
But the incredibly limited and relatively soft range of words in wide use on Sunday seems to extend beyond all of that .                                                   
And with five games left on a seven - game home stand , they have an excellent opportunity to build something special .                                                   
His closest rival for the Republican nomination , Texas senator Ted Cruz , was on 19 per cent and no other candidate reached double figures .                                             
Officials in Bangladesh said as well as the five people who died of heart attacks as they fled buildings , about 90 people were injured .                                             
We need a long term plan to deal with the effect of the falling oil price on jobs not just in the North East but right across Scotland in the supply chain .                               
First of all , we lost last Sunday and it is important not to drop our confidence level too much .                                                       
However , the German group is struggling to balance model development with the growing costs of its emissions scandal , a task made more difficult this week by a U . S . lawsuit seeking billions of dollars in fines .               
The political reality for Clinton goes like this : If she wins Iowa , she almost certainly could weather a New Hampshire loss and go on to win the nomination .                                   
Libya said last year that he was killed in a U . S . air strike , although fighters have repeatedly denied this .                                                 
You can ' t have had female teachers , older sisters or , come to that , a mother , and still think women need hand - holding when it comes to getting their own way .                       
I felt that we have been closing the gap over the last two and a half seasons and I feel the gap has closed .                                               
After being told that the news broke on Sunday , Kasich repeated that he hadn ' t heard the details , and ended the line of questioning .                                         
Boeing said it expects global passenger traffic to rise 6 to 7 percent a year over the long term , above the 5 percent historical average .                                           
It took a few minutes , but the Warriors ( 39 - 4 ) rolled once they got their offense going .                                                     
At first , he was worried about the quality of the service he might get , but that wasn ' t a problem .                                                 
We ' ll have to see in the future , given the experiences in Central and South America , if these types of recommendations really have any effect .                                       
Under the agreement , some aid was delivered in October , and last month , several hundred wounded fighters and their families were evacuated .                                               
Little did he know that it wouldn ' t be long before the 46 year - old , yes 46 , was called into Football League action for the first time since 2002 .                             
Libya could present the West with challenges equal to those an American - led coalition faces in fighting the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq .                                             
The death of the 50 - year - old Marshall in November came amid scrutiny of police killings and in - custody deaths of young black men since mid - 2014 .                                 
" What I wanted our board and our management team and me to do was to think about what the best path for the company is going forward , not what the best role is for me ," she said .               
Duke led 40 - 29 in large part because it made 13 of its first 19 shots from the field .                                                       
" I want to be very clear on this : I think Atlantic City is priority number one ," he ' d said then .                                               
South Asia as a whole saw an increase of 21 . 7 percent year on year , with the rest of Asia rising 17 . 9 percent , led by a continued gain in Chinese tourists .                       
By last month , only about a quarter of the recalled driver - and passenger - side air bags had been replaced , regulators said .                                             
As cities step out and move the ball forward , states have come in to take away their power to do just that .                                                 
But what if there is value in ratings , even for viewers who have no stake in the money side of the business ?                                                 
He has a history in that and I ' m not his dad , I can ' t demand things from him but I ' m expecting that to be fair .                                 
The stock market might not do that well in the next few quarters , but it is not going to have a big impact on GDP [ gross domestic product ] right now .                             
But certainly when you see what has happened at the weekend it makes you realise that we can ' t continue accepting this as a matter of course because somebody is going to get injured .                         
An internal report on the attacks by a senior police officer , leaked to the German media , described offenders claiming to be Syrian refugees .                                             
It ' s not the stress itself that is the issue , but how you view or share it with others .                                                     
On Friday , the Premier confirmed the State Government would be appealing against that decision given the broader implications of the ruling on future development in the state .                                       
And for the third time in as many years , those parties cannot even agree on what to talk about , let alone work toward a political solution to the five - year war .                           
Seven One Seven is the stuff dreams are made on , somewhere to go for that special occasion , or to give yourself a real treat .                                           
But at the end of the day , we are going to do what ' s in the best interest of the children .                                                 
An influential Hollywood director is talking with them about creating an American version of the machines and will test one in the coming months .                                               
The State Department said little about the case Friday , other than it was " aware of media reports " that a U . S . citizen was detained .                                     
And it ' s likely Star Wars movies going forward will continue to be released in December , because it ' s good business .                                               
The company spokesman said locations for the stores will be determined " on a case - by - case basis ," with one additional location in or near London .                                     
She was wrong and she did have a choice , but if she didn ' t realise that in the moment then what difference does it make ?                                         
But with the Chinese and Americans behind it , it might convince the leadership to get a group ready for talks .                                                     
There ' s a lot of Americans angry these days , and they want somebody that ' s ready to do something about the problems we ' ve got .                                     
So too does the rise of ISIS , the expansion of terror across northern Africa and an unprecedented global refugee crisis .                                                     
I believe it ' s going to happen , whether it ' s maybe after this week or after the next tournament I play .                                               
I ' ve heard this from three sources , I find it hard to believe , but the amount is $ 2 million .                                                 
They had each come to offer their response to the attacks on women who had gathered in that spot a week earlier , to celebrate New Year ' s Eve .                                   
There ' s no doubt that the region is adding jobs again , but some debate whether the growth is tied entirely to the return of federal spending .                                       
We can ' t be everything to everyone or there ' s not going to be enough money in the Social Security fund ," he said .                                           
In the third quarter of 2015 , he raised $ 5 . 7 million -- to Ted Cruz ' s $ 12 . 2 million , Bush ' s $ 13 . 3 million and Ben Carson ' s $ 20 . 8 million .       
Meanwhile , typical pay in Scotland is higher than it is in England for the first time on record , the report found .                                                 
" When you play a team like Michigan State , especially here , effort is not enough ," he said .                                                       
On Friday , he celebrated the arrival of 2016 by flying to Australia as part of a Scottish squad training camp .                                                     
While Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders both have robust student organizations in Iowa , the Republicans have , by and large , written off the youth vote .                                         
Miller said earlier this week that the vote of the new senator - who has not yet been chosen - could be critical .                                                 
I understand the rule , but it doesn ' t make a whole lot of sense when our group had caught up .                                                   
" We are dedicated to do everything we can to keep guns out of the wrong hands ," she said .                                                       
The scale of the crisis is such that of the 20 million refugees flooding the world today , one in four is Syrian .                                                 
Until November we knew nothing , this has caught us by surprise and we ' re trying to learn as fast as we can .                                               
Any rally in prices may be short lived as crude oil prices gave up most of Friday ' s gains during trading Monday .                                                 
The two men were arrested last year as they tried to slip into Pakistan from Afghanistan and appeared before a special terrorism court last Thursday .                                             
They stuck with their GDP estimates on the second quarter , third quarter and fourth quarter at 2 . 2 percent ; 2 . 1 percent and 2 . 4 percent , respectively .                             
She added : " I didn ' t go to Harvard Law School , but I know this : You can like two people in a race but there will only one president .                               
Two District men were arrested in the fatal shooting of a man during a suspected robbery in Fort Washington , police announced Monday .                                                 
That is what is playing out in real - time now across companies , institutions and markets post the 2008 crash .                                                     
But public opposition to the policy has been growing in other countries , and Austria on Wednesday announced an overall limit over the next four years of 130 , 000 - or the equivalent of 1 . 5 per cent of the population .         
This time , the government will put the draft to a referendum , which is expected in July though no date has been fixed .                                               
I feel that sometimes the people accept me the way I am and other times they don ' t accept me at all .                                                 
For years the state told us we were crazy , that our water was safe , which wasn ' t true .                                                     
It provides less accommodation of companies engaged in high - cost development and more reward for those that can lower their cost structures .                                                 
When you win a title you gain confidence , and the supporters love you , because they want to win things as well .                                                 
The combined value of the contracts is about $ 8 . 3 million but could nearly double once additional funding is provided .                                                   
He also imposed conditions on a release on bond that include being placed on an electronic monitor , drug testing and reporting weekly to authorities .                                             
Only then would a discussion begin within the Justice Department over whether to pursue any legal action against Clinton or anyone else involved in the matter .                                           
Andy Hall , an advocate for migrants who advised defence lawyers in the case , said the defence requested additional DNA - related documents from the prosecution but they were not provided .                               
Wales put tickets for its three home matches - versus Scotland , France and Italy - on general sale back in October , with Scotland tickets now completely sold out .                                   
Brady , meanwhile , has been defined by success on the big stage with four Super Bowl titles in six trips .                                                     
" I ' m too nice for too long , and when ... somebody takes advantage of a situation , I become too bad for too long ," Trump said .                                   
It ' s January and the surface might be quite bad as well , so we have to go there and get a good start .                                             
To become the number one Test team , England need more than one member of their top five to bowl occasionally .                                                     
So I think I made the right choice for the party , so that the party can find new leadership and find that person who can fill that role that I wasn ' t able to .                       
He said : " Of course it will be in the back of their minds that we did well up there .                                                       
It ' s good that he denied it , because his songs should be about nothing , which in turn allows them to be about everything .                                           
On Thursday , the department released 5 , 500 pages of emails - thousands short of the number necessary to meet the court ' s order that the department release 82 percent of the emails by the end of the year .             
Several market researchers say data pointed to a decline in panel prices for key products during the October - December period .                                                     
Last month , a woman in the audience at a Clinton campaign event in New Hampshire asked her : " You say that all rape victims should be believed .                                       
I turned down a job offer recently because the company owner insisted that " managers " on salary are not entitled to overtime pay .                                               
I agree with the manager when he says that our foreign players have to learn quickly about the Scottish game , because we have got a few red cards now .                                   
You look at their wins and you look at their losses and his numbers , we knew he was a key to the game and he got hot .                                       
We had to look at it over three years , and Mike took us to a winning record two years in a row .                                                 
Just one in 12 men ( eight per cent ) say they are inspired by the way men look in advertising .                                                     
As soon as the Scottish Cup final was over , getting to another final becomes something you really want because you weren ' t a part of it .                                       
And every single first meeting I have on a movie , in the past two years , is not about the movie itself but about the franchise it would be starting .                                 
We had seen it several times before and I had told my sister if we see it again I ' m going to do something , we have to do something .                                 
However , Virgin Australia safety experts conducted a review of the airport this weekend and the airline will continue to fly there .                                                   
I wanted to win the title , but I didn ' t feel , if this doesn ' t happen the world is going to end .                                           
It would be nice if I could make my mark at an Olympics and have that to look back on when I finish my career .                                             
The company ' s revenue has been growing by over 100 percent for five consecutive years and it added hundreds of new customers in 2015 .                                             
The SNP has new powers - with more to come - and a majority that would see a radical policy agenda supported by the Scottish Parliament .                                           
As for that frustration with the government , there ' s plenty to go around and not just out West .                                                       
The U . S . government has for the first time directly accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of corruption , the BBC reports .                                                 
In November and December , Trump held six rallies in Iowa , visited a local production plant and held one town hall , flying home each night .                                         
A lot of countries are , including the United States , and on Wednesday afternoon the Security Council met in an emergency session .                                                 
But I haven ' t talked with him about that , although these types of names we are talking about .                                                       
But the " new " models will probably sell for just under $ 100 , 000 depending on the engine used .                                                     
His answers to questions about his campaign sometimes sound like a political strategy sessions complete with talk of delegate counts as a way to prove that he can win .                                     
He went on to pledge that Canadian mining companies - described as being among the country ' s major private employers - and humanitarian groups will be safe there .                                     
Of course it can be packed on a hot summer ' s day - but come September , the crowds thin and the locals take back their town .                                       
This means that most state schools break up on Good Friday March 25 and will be back by April 11 .                                                       
As happened in the first war when Harry ' s left behind , I wanted us to see another child left behind .                                                   
If your house was in a poor condition when you let it , you will get a poor score from users ; if those who stayed in it left the house in a poor state , they will get a poor score from you .       
My comfort level ' s been much better and I think my play has kind of showed it - because if you don ' t have to think too much , it makes you a better player .                     
Congress passed a spending bill at the end of 2016 that addressed some of those concerns , but has not come up with a long - term solution .                                       
This would , in turn , he argued , demonstrate that the long - troubled bank is at last back on the right track .                                               
" There comes a point when you ' d like to do movies that your kids can see ," she added .                                                     
We were in that match but at key moments we let ourselves down and didn ' t take our chances .                                                       
At the same time , Sanders has tried to make the case that he would better represent the economic interests of working - class Trump supporters than Trump would .                                     
In many ways , Democrats are trying to force the issue on a public that isn ' t committed to the cause - even among those who agree with them .                                   
So I know that [ my mom ] has improved and I know that we are working towards a better relationship for both of us .                                             
The Japanese and British officials also confirmed cooperation in areas including defence , trade , civil nuclear energy and cyber security .                                                     
" The film ' s popularity in Hong Kong is generally thought to speak to Hong Kong ' s deep anxiety in the past two years ," it said .                                     
In a press release , the organization announced its goal to double , through the new measures , the number of women and " diverse members " by 2020 .                                     
They recommended me to call if this happens again , and they would definitely issue him a ticket for these violations .                                                     
On Friday , China suggested that it was the Americans , not the Chinese , who were largely to blame for the North ' s nuclear program .                                         
Roberts ' s year - end reports often bring out his inner history major , and this one was no different .                                                     
Sanders said he didn ' t seek or receive Obama ' s endorsement in the race for the nomination against Hillary Clinton .                                                   
It ' s not super clear to me what is going to happen during this thing at all , much less during the warm - up part of it .                                     
It ' s too bad that he ' s not going to get the chance to go , but at the same time , the fans voted and it ' s a cool opportunity for John .                       
Jackson ' s mother and two of his sisters said they had heard Stewart ' s name before but don ' t know how he would have known Jackson or why they may have argued .                         
During their lifetime the Eagles sold 150 million records across the world and became the most successful group in American rock and pop history .                                               
" We will not stop fighting you in every part of the world regardless of whether you are on a tourism trip or a work trip ," he says in French .                                 
" We ' re serving every student who could come to the university and be successful here ," he said .                                                       
If the $ 60 list price is fake - and common sense says it is - then it ' s impossible for shoppers to really know whether it ' s worth $ 40 , $ 20 , or $ 2 .                 
I ' ve had to explain to them that I ' ve won a good match , but they just don ' t get it .                                             
He was chosen as general director " because I enjoy a certain reputation ," he told the Telegraph in 2012 .                                                       
I like my fine things in life but if I ' ve got to struggle it out a bit , I ' ll be fine .                                             
Some deals have required civilians to leave their homes for aid and protection , going against basic principles of humanitarian relief .                                                     
Oil prices rose in their last session on New Year ' s Eve , but they were down by as as much as 35 per cent for 2015 .                                       
The high school was evacuated again on Tuesday after the main office got another call saying there was a bomb in the building .                                                 
The Wall Street Journal , which first reported on the talks , said a deal could be announced as early as Monday .                                                   
He met U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry there but it was not clear if the issue was raised .                                                   
Whether it ' s the price cuts or increased confidence among producers , demand has risen and so has the amount of tax paid .                                               
It is in a race against time to have its suspension lifted before this year ' s Olympics in Rio .                                                       
New educational technology is already beginning to change the way we learn and Scotland is well placed to take advantage of this .                                                   
These voters want a better life for themselves and their children , and they are not ready to give up .                                                       
" It ' s part of the cost of travel ," says the 70 - year - old Toronto resident who visits Florida annually .                                               
The plan to tackle fraud in the benefits paid to asylum seekers while their cases are being looked into has not been successful .                                                 
But we ' ve had a bit more time to rest since Christmas and you can see more energy in the team .                                                   
Now China wants to be first in line for consideration as Iran ' s oil and gas sector opens up , he said .                                                 
There are states for example like Nevada that are dominated by the federal government in terms of land holding and we should fix it , but no one should be doing it in a way that ' s outside the law .             
The investigation is so long - running that some of the 27 people convicted have already been released from prison , having served their sentences .                                             
The academy ' s student body went from 40 children to 400 in just three years , according to the school website .                                                   
If Bloomberg has a shot a majority of electoral votes and he very much wants to be president , he should run .                                                   
It is in the interest of all the UK population that we do everything in our power to gain as much from the UK ' s waters as we can .                                   
In honor of the occasion , let ' s look back at a few key moments on the Iowa trail from Instagram .                                                   
But we forget that at important moments in our history , it has worked , and , through it , we could address the nation ' s problems again .                                     
But she said that about 40 percent of the country ' s younger generation still consider themselves Christian -- but none of them believe that God created the Earth .                                     
The man , whose name authorities have not released , remains on life support at a local hospital , police said .                                                     
The economy for 2016 is expected to contract by 0 . 6 percent , compared with a 3 . 8 percent decline in 2015 .                                               
We are confident this will not result in an increase somehow in the threat to any partner , any friend in the region .                                                 
Ukraine ' s embassy in the United States said in a statement on its Facebook page that it had expressed concerns to the company and to the U . S . State Department .                             
We have only lost two ( league ) games and we know that if we continue like this then we are equal to any other team .                                           
" He knows what he did is wrong , and he ' s trying to fix it as best he can ," Stewart said .                                               
We do not rule anything out , but our current assessment is that aid delivered by road , by people who know the situation on the ground and who can ensure it gets to those who need it most , is more effective .         
Johnson , who turns 31 next September , has had six straight 1 , 000 - yard seasons and was selected to the upcoming Pro Bowl .                                           
Mr Hunt says that the deal would mean that 99 per cent of junior doctors would have their pay protected , or receive a rise .                                             
He still meets with and talks regularly to Cruz and has told sources he likes what both Cruz and Rubio are saying .                                                   
Police said a two - year - old child also in the woman ' s car received only minor injuries .                                                       
The end result is that the currency might fall just as much as it would have if you let it fall all at once , but at the cost of a lot of its war chest .                       
The government ' s estimate Friday of the economy ' s expansion in the October - December period was less than half the 2 percent annual growth rate in gross domestic product in the third quarter of 2015 .                   
He said : " Mexico is a relatively poor country compared to the UK so the impact of tax is likely to be greater .                                                 
The Eagles then knocked off Minnesota and the Giants on the road to advance to their fifth conference title game in eight years .                                                 
" Because of the lack of resources , we had to stop the work and all the planning we had to make the site a reference for international tourism ," he added .                               
It ' s a long season and with ( 39 games ) left , I ' m not thinking about that .                                                     
She turned herself in on Wednesday afternoon after a Lake County judge issued an arrest warrant and set bond at $ 50 , 000 , authorities said .                                         
" The sentence was very severe , but it ' s normal for that region of the country ," he said .                                                     
The bank also said that it would close offices in countries including Brazil , Russia , South Korea and Taiwan .                                                       
So after the first set , I knew I just wanted to start playing the way I had been , which got me to the quarter - finals .                                       
" No other candidate in our nation ' s history has demonstrated such a strong commitment to women or such a clear record on behalf of women ' s health and rights ," she added .                         
You always have to build something to be solid , and if you look at the story of this football club there has been a lot of changes , and important ones , for the last years and many in the summer as well .       
This was never a game our season would be defined by , although it ' s not good enough , it ' s as simple as that .                                         
The kind of rain you maybe get for maybe 10 or 20 minutes in the Lake District and it stops ... it just didn ' t .                                           
And that if allegations are not reported within that time period that it will be too late for a prosecutor to pursue them even if a prosecutor believes that there is sufficient evidence to prove that case beyond a reasonable doubt .             
But between March and November of last year , bombs were dropped on or near medical facilities nearly 100 times , according to the International Committee of the Red Cross .                                   
We urge people to check their flood risk , prepare for flooding , follow the advice from emergency services and never risk driving through flood water .                                           
Rose continues to try to get back into form and complete his first season free of major injury in five years .                                                     
4 ( UPI ) -- Republican presidential candidate Dr . Ben Carson unveiled a federal tax plan calling for a 14 . 9 percent flat tax on businesses and individuals .                                     
A top - four finish should be Leicester ' s minimum target if they can keep producing performances like this .                                                       
We always returned to it no matter who we were or how it was changed or with what difficulties , or ease , it could be reached .                                         
The President acknowledged that his actions will not end mass shootings , but said they were a step toward reducing gun violence .                                                   
You need to be honest with yourself about why a relationship is not working out the way you hoped it would .                                                     
He added : " We don ' t believe that in the near future a solution will be found in Europe to limit the number of refugees .                                           
I ' m hopeful that everything ' s going to work out the way it should , and I ' m hopeful , I have faith that we ' ll get something done , and hopefully , it will happen here before everything gets too crazy .   
This trial should help it find its way , and show the world - and not only Africa - that it can conduct justice in a fair way .                                       
You have to get the race within a field goal , and then a sophisticated infrastructure can take you over the top .                                                   
The United Nations Security Council was set to hold an emergency meeting in New York to discuss the international response to the test , which North Korea called an " H - bomb of justice " that it needed for defense against the United States .     
Here we look at the most expensive cars ever sold at auction and the reasons they ' re worth so much .                                                     
The warning follows a deadly explosion Tuesday in a historic district of the Turkish city that is popular with tourists .                                                       
Facebook photos might be a nice way to show off great holiday or wedding photos on a big screen , but at the moment apps don ' t seem like a particularly useful feature .                           
England were the last team to take the crown here , back in 2013 ( when I was injured ), and we also won in 2009 .                                           
The fact that the world community has come together and , by consensus , agreed to action is a source of hope .                                                   
Iran does not accept that the U . N . resolution bars it from testing missiles , as long as it has no nuclear weapons to place on them .                                     
That ' s why Manchester means so much to me , because I thought at that moment my life was over .                                                     
On the other hand , the energy supply chain has contributed to manufacturing and services growth throughout Canada ; we are only now starting to realize how widespread those effects are .                                 
It ' s a question for society to work out : how much do we want to spend on health care ?                                                     
" Not seeing some cases myself , I cannot guarantee they are true ," the report quoted him as saying .                                                       
In either case , that would indicate an explosion just a little larger than North Korea ' s underground nuclear test in 2013 .                                                 
I ' m beating guys that run well in the Cup series on Saturday and I want that same result on Sunday .                                                   
I didn ' t realise there was such a lay - off between the quarter and semi - finals in Scotland .                                                     
He has given of himself in very personal ways , living with people who felt left out , left behind , working to improve their lives , to create economic and educational opportunity .                             
" Their ability to live in the physical world and the digital world at the same time is pretty unique ," he said .                                                 
I like to know I ' ve got savings , which probably goes back to my mother and that knowledge about how things can get taken away from you .                                     
If you ' re going to create a consumer product and brand that ' s going to change people ' s behaviour , you need a lot of money , a lot of resources behind you and I just didn ' t have that .       
" And this is just the first step on a long discussion we need to be having ," she added .                                                       
In a separate Facebook post , Ms Palmer said police had looked at CCTV from McDonald ' s , service stations and bus stops .                                               
We did it in the World Cup - look at the try against England in the final 10 minutes when we passed to the outside channel - and we will continue to work on that .                         
Saudi Arabia does not want to cut back production because it fears losing long - term market share , especially with Iranian oil expected to flow back on to the world market next year as sanctions are lifted .                   
She added : " There were multiple occasions in the lead - up to William ' s death where there were missed opportunities to treat William .                                             
He will need to get back into the top 16 in order to do the same again this year but claims he is fed up with constantly having to worry about his ranking .                             
I feel like it doesn ' t matter to them the feelings of a girl who has worked her whole life for a dream .                                               
It was reported on Tuesday that there will be more plastic than fish by 2020 , read the full report here .                                                     
" I want to live with my family the days God gives me ," he said when asked if he has dreams or hopes for his life .                                         
Ten public schools around the city opened to provide breakfast and lunch to low - income children who typically receive free meals at school , officials said .                                         
By their analysis , the bottom 90 percent appears to have done better since the late 1970s than previously estimated - but not much better .                                             
" We built a product that we thought would be attractive to consumers because we thought it would be useful to them ," he says .                                             
It ' s not nice when things are not going well but you ' ve just got to get on with it .                                                   
12 , kicking of his final year in office just as the campaign to succeed him moves into a higher profile phase .                                                   
This is the initial process that the family hope ultimately will lead to the prosecution of Henry Clarke in the criminal courts .                                                   
This is an issue that ' s personal for President Obama who has said over and over again that there ' s no reason why his daughters should be paid less than anyone ' s sons for doing the same job .             
A win is something that hasn ' t happened for a long time and it could be the beginning of better feelings among the players and the club .                                       
He also charged Williams was behind a story in The New York Times that suggested Carson was out of his depth on foreign policy .                                               
" I think we have a chance to win New York , they like me in New York ," he said , adding that it would be " impossible " for any other GOP candidate to win there .                   
Washington ( 9 - 8 ) had won four games in a row , but its season ends without a single victory over a team that finished with a winning record .                                 
In the past year , Amazon has created 10 , 000 jobs across Europe , which it says is the highest number of jobs it has ever created in a single year in the region .                         
The fact , then , that the S & P 500 seems to be saying that the recovery is falling apart should make even the most committed inflation - fighter wonder whether there is actually anything to fight .                   
The Sweden Democrats , a far - right anti - immigrant party , won almost 13 percent of the vote in a 2014 general election , and recent polls show it gaining in strength .                           
For one , as universities " mission has expanded beyond teaching and research , the job has become much more difficult .                                                     
Later Friday , the White House said Rousseff and President Barack Obama discussed their concerns about the spread of the Zika virus in a telephone conversation .                                           
Some of Twitter ' s other attempts at making its service more appealing to users , especially new users , have also had mixed results .                                             
The target at the end of the road is the Premier League , for that you have to be ready in all parts of development .                                             
If they don ' t believe you ' re in touch with what they ' re feeling in their lives , there ' s no way they ' re going to make you president .                           
" We want to have as much [ news media ] coverage as we can have ," says Tim Frank , an NBA spokesman .                                               
That had probably given Assad a stronger hand to play next week , when negotiations toward a political solution to the conflict would begin in Geneva , US officials said .                                   
Some critics are suggesting that such vaccine research for Zika should have been done years ago , but this isn ' t entirely fair .                                               
His reward for speaking up , he says , was to be frozen out of the Olympic family for a decade .                                                     
More than ever , this is at the heart of our national interest , and it has to be a top priority for our government .                                             
There was no immediate comment from the prime minister ' s office , and Reuters was not immediately able to reach officials at the Interior Ministry .                                           
The last three and a half months have seen near - daily Palestinian attacks on Israeli civilians and soldiers that have killed 24 people .                                               
We ' ve got less people buying clothes this quarter than we expected and there ' s really nothing else to point to .                                                 
A total of 1 . 3 million trips are forecast in the first year , with monthly figures predicted to increase over the summer .                                               
It ' s an ambitious target , especially considering they ' re entering the pub business - long a hard - pressed industry - at a particularly difficult time .                                     
I know that it ' s getting difficult , but there are still 19 games to play and 57 points to win and there is still enough to reach the target .                                 
Later that night , I called [ my co - resident ] Victoria and told her I wouldn ' t be in on Monday , or possibly ever again , and wouldn ' t be setting the O . R . schedule .           
Then he waited right outside the door of the operating room the whole time so that he ' d be the first person I saw when I came out , because he wanted me to know that I wasn ' t alone .           
The shooting came during a streak of violence between Friday night and early Saturday that left two dead and at least seven others wounded across the District .                                         
We need at least 24 hours for us to clear the primary streets and secondary roads before we can get into the neighborhoods .                                                 
It ' s a good feeling and it ' s great to hear that from the manager because that gives you confidence but I just take it a season at a time .                               
Having had a holiday in Thailand then spending Christmas at home , I hadn ' t hit a ball for a month but it was a nice break .                                       
Some experts say it can ' t be done in in a year and a half - not with proper consultation .                                                     
However , the results of this study don ' t seem to support those findings - although it is something the researchers will continue to investigate .                                           
Murray has been busy with off - court issues throughout his time in Australia , with his wife Kim heavily pregnant and expected to give birth in the middle of February .                                 
But that was denied by the television company concerned , prompting speculation that the real reason is fear of an attack .                                                     
People want to investigate the company and they want to understand the people , they want to learn about the business and ... it does take time .                                         
If genuine , its style would make it neither Roman nor Greek , like the rest , but even older , dating back nearly 5 , 000 years .                                       
But the incredibly limited and relatively soft range of words in wide use Sunday seems to extend beyond all that .                                                       
It was something different for us , we didn ' t really know what to expect , but it was quite good fun .                                                 
The team that plays will want to win 100 per cent , but it is true that it won ' t be a team that has played together often .                                     
Washington running back Chris Thompson sits on the bench for a few minutes after last night ' s season - ending loss .                                                   
How long that is going to take I don ' t know , but I don ' t think winning a cup will help us to keep players .                                       
If you ' re considering Twitter - or you ' re on it and want to improve - she said it starts by considering your goals .                                           
The league has considered moving the Pro Bowl , its All - Star game , from Hawaii to Brazil in February 2017 .                                                   
Donald Trump is just trying to build up the audience for Thursday ' s debate , for which we thank him .                                                     
" There ' s no doubt that they will have to pay more for it this time ," a source told The Sun .                                                 
But Trump said Sunday that " this is not a settled matter " and that he ' s not the only one raising questions .                                               
" I think it ' s about a calm and an understanding of how I can be more efficient in my game ," he added .                                             
To me the substance matters much more than the timing , so if I can ' t get the right deal in February I will wait and I will keep going .                                 
The Kansas City , Missouri - based company ' s shares were down about 1 . 27 percent at $ 56 . 65 on Monday .                                             
Facebook is blocked in China , though there are ways round it even if most Chinese people don ' t have access to that technology .                                             
Those are games where you have to find a way to score on the power play and we didn ' t .                                                     
But it is going to be a really big challenge , even more of a challenge than [ last ] year .                                                     
There are a lot of African and Asian teams where the game is building , so I think why not give them a chance ?                                               
But for these guys to battle the way they did , I ' m very proud of these guys and I really like the future of this football team .                                     
At the end of the day I think if people want to have a comfortable retirement then they have to be prepared to pay what it costs .                                         
Murray said it ' s important to note that less than 60 % of Iowa voters are set in their vote choice at this point , which leaves a lot of potential for movement in the final days .                   
Today ' s report that former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a 2016 presidential run raises a few questions .                                                   
The 17 - minute video , released Sunday , shows the extent of the planning that went into the multiple attacks in Paris , which French authorities have said from the beginning were planned in Syria .                       
It won ' t die overnight , but we ' ll see more signs of the end of physical money this year .                                                   
For special access to most professional and major - college events , news organizations are given a lengthy list of restrictions on their behavior .                                               
But it will never get better if we keep sending people to Washington who will say or do anything to get elected .                                                   
The missile , which has a claimed range of over 1 , 000 miles , has been a target of Western criticism of Iran ' s nuclear program .                                       
A Fox News poll Friday found that her rival , Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , had 50 % of the likely primary vote , compared to her 37 % share , and some of her supporters say privately that she could lose the state .     
" I think we have a unique group of guys , and I think they ' re smart ," Davis said .                                                     
It ' s nice to have someone to come home to and get the honest truth about all aspects of life .                                                     
He now knows well enough why he feels the way he does at times on court - the trick is make sure he can stop it from happening .                                       
" Many of the first - time buyers we have spoken to are seriously considering waiting it out , particularly if they are struggling to find real value in the areas they are looking at ," said Gray .                   
But he warned that pro - EU campaigners must learn the lessons from the Scottish independence referendum by not allowing their opponents to paint them as anti - British .                                     
" Given how this developed , it should be viewed as something OPEC and non - OPEC tackle together ," he said .                                                   
However , statements made by a number of figures emerging from the discussions at the national stadium highlighted the absence of any consensus on these matters .                                           
" It needs him to come with us and near enough from day one he ' s said I ' ll prove you wrong and I ' ll prove myself right ," Collins recalled .                           
But there is also the simple joy of putting one foot in front of the other and taking in everything that ' s around you at a human pace .                                     
If they play as well as they have in the past two months the rest of the way , they ' re tracking to finish with 92 points , which should put them in the wild - card conversation .                 
Cruz -- if he does not win the presidential election -- would likely have the support of other Senate Republicans in blocking the process .                                               
Having the experience and just being able to teach and we all have learned and grown to know each other throughout this time .                                                 
The iPhone , which represents two - thirds of the company ' s revenues , grew sales 52 % over the past year .                                                 
Today , as the 44 - year - old Rubio campaigns for the Republican presidential nomination , he holds fast to the same hard - line view on Cuba he offered in a quiet fourth - floor Senate hearing room five years ago .         
Although the number of mass shootings in the United States has risen in recent years , overall gun violence is at lower levels than in previous decades .                                         
No one has suggested that Clinton or any of her aides or employees at the State Department intended to harm the interests of the United States in their handling of the classified material .                             
I just know this is what I want to do and I want to work hard at it , and hopefully keep finding roles as beautiful as the ones I ' ve already been lucky enough to come across .                 
She was like , ' It ' s my family , too , and I ' m going to do whatever I want .                                                   
If you want somebody who ' s going to stand up and get these sorts of things done , I can do it , I did at Wisconsin , we can do it going forward ," Walker recalled .                   
The armed forces are at war and have been for a decade , but " we " as a nation are not .                                                   
In any event , Russian officials shot down such speculation , saying that bad weather in Russia would prevent their ability to cut production .                                               
They are " still watching the weather very closely " but do not expect widespread flooding in the next few days .                                                     
I said a few weeks ago we need a bit of luck with injuries and we ' ve had not too much .                                                   
It was different to me because I ' d only seen his matches on TV and read about the blow - ups .                                                   
North Korea is " likely " to have conducted a nuclear test on January 6 , 2016 that caused an earthquake near a known testing site in the isolated country , the South Korean and Japanese governments said .                   
For all , just nine days into the New Year , these are the trials they hope will bear fruit come the Olympics .                                                 
We knew it was a big game because it was live on television , but you are not too aware of anything else going on .                                             
I don ' t know if it is , but because of that possibility , I hope he can win this game .                                                   
British rock music legend David Bowie has died after a long battle with cancer , his official Twitter and Facebook accounts said Monday .                                                 
Sir Nick ' s bigger concern , though , is that the Army is better prepared for future conflicts than it has been in the past .                                           
No doubt there are a lot of efforts to increase public attention in this field , but in reality , we know little about the potential effects of these efforts .                                   
We track people after they graduate , and what we ' re seeing in this economy is that typically the answer is yes .                                                 
Most economists expect the central bank to keep its already - low key interest at 0 . 5 per cent at its next rate - setting meeting Jan .                                       
We have a lot to play for on Monday and they have been clear that they want to finish the season on a high .                                               
But even if officials do take steps to change course in the days ahead , many fear significant damage has already been done .                                                 
A win would have made it even better but it was a brilliant day and shows the very real difference that football clubs can make to disabled people .                                       
The problem : With limited savings and income , can he afford to spend half the year travelling and working in Britain and Europe ?                                               
An increasing interest in Scottish culture overseas and even the debate over Scottish independence are also said to have helped .                                                       
He continued : " I don ' t think I could ever go back to being completely normal , I guess that ' s something I accepted - this is as normal as it can get for me .                     
" To win a card was great and I ' m looking forward to the challenges ahead ," he added .                                                       
We try and promote Australian authors as there are so many great ones and we find children really respond to them .                                                     
He did it late last year with his call for a halt , at least temporarily , on the entry of Muslims into the United States .                                           
The court is told the first three shots killed him ; the next six were fired at a dead man .                                                       
The online retailer has been holding meetings to license music over the past several weeks , though the plan is said to be in its early stages .                                         
It ' s not just about what you can do with the ball at your feet , it ' s about having the whole package .                                             
Wisconsin : Health - care workers can qualify for up to $ 100 , 000 in loan assistance in this state .                                                     
" I am not in a rush to set a [ wedding ] date ," the star told People in February .                                                     
They ' re now old enough to appreciate how special this experience will be and hopefully can deal with going to a French - speaking school .                                           
After all , if Ted Cruz say he backs policy X , you may want to learn more about Cruz ' s position on X . And so you head to Google .                               
Three of the big four banks were up two per cent , with Commonwealth Bank not far behind in percentage terms , gaining more than 1 . 5 per cent .                                   
Each and every business in Edinburgh with global appeal has a part to play in maintaining the city ' s position and edge in the eyes of the international market .                                   
In 2015 , the Reserve Bank cut the cash rate by a quarter of a percentage point in February and again in May to a record low of two per cent .                                 
We ' ve not had too many big results like the one on Tuesday , so it was great for the confidence .                                                   
Women earning less than their male counterparts faced odds of diagnosed depression nearly 2 . 5 times higher , said the study , published in the journal Social Science & Medicine .                                 
You know I used to think when I taught classes that I was a good role model for women students but I was even a better role model for my male students .                               
" I think everybody was a little surprised as to not just the timing but how successful he was early on ," Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker recalled later .                                     
The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application / type for the competitive landscape analysis .                                                   
That ' s especially true when it comes to politicians , whose management of weather events has a history of making or breaking their careers .                                             
He said to me , ' I don ' t believe that , in this team , you can play up front on your own .                                               
With potentially five sets and many hours to go before the title is decided , all - out attack may not be the best battle plan .                                           
I guess the point is something I would say , too , and that is that this country cannot afford a president that ' s not going to reverse the direction Barack Obama ' s taken our country .                   
When we went back to take photos we were much further back than the first time , and I didn ' t feel comfortable to go closer .                                         
The man and woman were known to each other , but police have been unable to establish if the children are related to the arrested couple .                                           
By delivering a multi - agency approach to these incidents , we are better placed to identify any threat , manage risk and prevent harm to the children in our communities .                                 
United States officials and members of Congress have also taken hard looks at some big American companies " tax arrangements in Europe .                                                   
The total compared with 7 , 700 the previous year , but was well below the 10 - year average of 68 , 000 .                                               
" In practice , if you ' re part time , you ' re going to be scheduled to work less than 30 hours per week ," he said .                                     
We have to send a clear message : Just because your child gets across the border , that doesn ' t mean the child gets to stay .                                         
I stopped going into the studio because I was sad , but now I ' m getting a taste of it again .                                                   
He said : " Why would any government or any Health Secretary ever want to cut the pay of a group of doctors working as hard as they do .                                       
" There ' s a sense in which there ' s not a whole lot that we , as individuals , can do ," he said on Thursday .                                       
" One of the reasons that the world has noticed Canada so strongly is the contrast between our approach and what we see going on south of the border ," he told reporters .                             
This matters because the opportunities that our new powers open up are too great to be buried under the arguments of the past .                                                 
And history doesn ' t necessarily suggest Trump will suffer for the move - though it might hurt him in Iowa .                                                     
Some say it could have arrived during the World Cup in 2014 , when Brazil welcomed players , fans and others from around the world .                                             
If you want to go to today ' s conference , I can have the fellow come in and finish .                                                       
Most Australians wouldn ' t have heard of the then Chief of Army but he delivered a message that could not ignored .                                                   
I feel like we ' ve done a lot of good things , but I ' m the first one to tell you , this is a pass - fail league and the results aren ' t there .                   
We ' ve been hearing that months and months , and that ' s in a sense what this campaign is about ," he said .                                             
In Australia , the foreign ministry ' s travel advice website said there had been no reported cases of Zika .                                                       
He said she had sent him a message from Egypt which read : " Louis I don ' t want to hurt you but I feel it is best we don ' t speak any more .                         
It does give you the impression that some people on the committee have made up their mind before they ' ve started .                                                   
All told , it ' s another way of making a living in a country where jobs are hard to come by .                                                   
They surrounded one of my friends , and when she fell down , one of them threw himself over her straight away .                                                   
The world No . 1 took a 4 - 1 lead as she looked to finish the set off quickly , but her German opponent fought back to take two games .                                 
On Wednesday , he tweeted about a new poll from Florida Atlantic University showing him with a massive lead in that state .                                                   
It also resulted in the energy giant facing criticism for its decision before it had even confirmed any details to the market .                                                   
" All comfort , all wealth , everything that we have as a people that we use to live , to eat , to find comfort , comes from the earth ," he said .                           
The confidence of the team was definitely higher for those games as we had already shown on the pitch what we can do .                                                 
According to government figures , more than nine in 10 families are offered a place at one of their top three choices of schools .                                               
" It would not be right for 700 people to arrive and suddenly take the ship to sea , so we have to do it in a much more progressive fashion and start to really learn about the ship ," he said .           
The researchers set out to determine the extent to which voters made up their minds on presidential candidates or on the performance of the party that was currently in office .                                   
He welcomed the Scottish Government ' s review as he said there had been " a number of cases " where there had not been sufficient proof to show whether a crime had occurred .                           
It used to be security fears , but now drones can be bought by anyone and cause very serious injury .                                                       
Those of us who believed the railway would be an immediate success [ with ] passengers have been proved right .                                                       
You used to have to earn your front - row seat at a Paris show by years of hard work behind the scenes , for example .                                           
And that we are now gaining the attention of Wall Street tells me that our campaign is doing very well .                                                       
Despite the lack of a picture , the action of trying to take one was a highlight of the walk ( along with the fantastic views ) because it made me stay still and focus on one , tiny corner of nature .           
I know with his line of work he can quite often work night and day , but the family don ' t seem to come out of their home as much as they used to .                         
We will have a look at an idea and if we think it ' s good , we ' ll do it .                                                   
Germany and Denmark have defended the policy on the basis the same rules apply to their own citizens when they claim benefits .                                                   
It wasn ' t only my work , but my social life in that environment that I never wanted to leave .                                                     
They had all been released the previous summer , so they had come close to being lost to football before we took them on .                                               
It comes with an In / Out referendum on Britain ' s EU membership due by the end of 2017 but with a vote likely to come as early as this June .                               
The ' leave " camp is so strong in Britain that I ' ve had to allow my own Cabinet the freedom to campaign against staying in the EU .                                     
People who have worked for him for decades were told of his death overnight , shortly before the news was made public .                                                   
" There will be an investigation into why , how and on whose authority this raid was carried out ," it said .                                                   
But when classes start in January , we ' re going to get back to doing everything and more that got us to this point .                                             
" You ' re an American before you ' re a member of a political party ," he says to students at the University of New Hampshire .                                         
The system , which was due to be online in 2009 , is still only used by two of the eight organisations supposed to be able to access it today .                                   
" She ' s been gone half her life this year , I just decided to see what social media could do ," she said .                                             
That means going there earlier , and becoming used to those conditions so that I can get the best out of myself .                                                   
The virus is typically found abroad and has become a growing threat in the U . S ., where cases have been confirmed in Florida and Illinois .                                         
The only question is do we feel pain to come to that point of change or do we do it before the pain comes .                                               
Chinese officials have repeatedly stressed that the new islands would be mostly for civilian use , such as coast guard activity and fishing research .                                               
It is the last of the major banks to settle with US authorities over toxic mortgage - backed bonds sold in the pre - crisis years .                                           
I put out questions on that site to try to get answers back on how to improve the way we do our work .                                                 
It is the same thing I have more pressure because the fans believe in me , or maybe had , believed in me .                                                 
The driver , who has not been named , was seriously injured in the leg and arm when the soldiers opened fire .                                                   
Aberdeen were flying when they came to us at the start of the season and we beat them in the League Cup , so we know what we ' re capable of against the top teams .                       
Arsenal will have to battle both Manchester United and Liverpool for the striker who has scored a huge 27 goals already this season .                                                 
If you look at buy - to - let , some of the actions the Government has taken to just slow that market down a little bit is a good thing , those are the key areas where we look very , very closely .       
But if they come by any other means , the people , constitution in hand , will decide , and I ' ll be there defending democracy in my role as president of the Republic .                         
They live across the Arab world , as well as in countries like Turkey , Pakistan , India , Bangladesh , Malaysia and Indonesia .                                               
Ross doesn ' t have to answer any questions about his attitude , he takes responsibility , he wants to control games at such a young age .                                         
I think she will carry the state on the Democratic side , but I would be surprised if it was by the same margin .                                               
The Kurdish north hosts some of the larger oil fields in Iraq and while the Kurdish government said crude oil exports are its principle source of revenue , it said it recognized energy companies operating in the region face difficulties moving forward without their share .     
For him to progress , He needs to take risks , and I don ' t think he has that in him yet .                                                 
As of December 31 , 2015 , the firm had approximately 13 , 000 employees in more than 30 countries and a major presence in global markets , including North and South America , Europe , Asia , Australia and the Middle East and Africa .     
At one point , it looked like Trump was never going to be able to get a majority of Republican voters if the race reduced to two candidates .                                       
This week , a new US study warned that the record - breaking string of hot years since the year 2000 was almost certainly a sign of man - made global warming .                               
The couple said they heard the sounds of rushing water coming from the locked room , but decided to ignore it .                                                     
The District ' s $ 6 . 2 million snow - removal budget is paying for more than 700 pieces of equipment .                                                   
Before making its case for radical electoral surgery , the government has to tell the patient what illness it believes she has .                                                   
Mr Corbyn will be under pressure to go through with this , as some may say the fact his shadow Foreign Secretary ' s future is being discussed so openly has already damaged his authority .                         
It was recognition for services to politics which is where I have been active in this country , but again it ' s really for others to make a judgment .                                   
I think all the stuff in the last 48 hours , you always say it ' s the game that brings your team back .                                               
Spurs have been held to a point in nine games this season , a Premier League high , with four of those coming after they have taken the lead .                                     
I will also continue to work with all those with an interest to ensure that our land benefits the people of Scotland for generations to come .                                           
" We had to make some tough choices again this year ," Murphy wrote to School Board members in the introduction to his budget report .                                             
French troops have been in the country since December 2013 , while European Union troops were there from April 2014 until March 2015 .                                                 
Research is vital for supporting the development of good policy and improvement , but far too often it can take too long to get from publication to practice .                                       
Whether it had any impact or not , the audience for the broadcast , hosted by Neil Patrick Harris , was down 16 per cent from the year before - a six - year low .                         
You might already be a member of the Scottish Parliament , but there ' s every chance you ' re not .                                                     
I just sit in the car as the boys run down , and when it ' s finished they run back up .                                                   
The $ 1 . 8 trillion budget that passed late last year is a mixed bag - Obama got some of what he wanted , but not all of it .                                   
The pilots also aim to help people with diabetes monitor their conditions more effectively and help people with mental health problems stay in touch with support networks .                                         
65 percent of children entering primary school today will end up working in jobs that don ' t even exist yet .                                                     
I am just rushing myself , trying to do too much and trying to think this golf course is going to yield an eight - under like its nothing but it does not .                             
In January , new light - vehicle sales , including fleet , are expected to hit 1 , 120 , 000 units , down 3 percent from January 2015 and down 32 percent from December 2015 .                       
Earlier this month , department officials reported that two pregnant Illinois residents who recently traveled to countries where the Zika virus was found had tested positive for the virus .                                     
Afghanistan shares a border with China , so in this case China must get involved to promote the talks and to secure the stability in the region .                                         
" From now on the debate in Scotland needs to include tax as well as matters concerned with spending ," he said .                                                   
THE Chinese president is the first leader to visit Iran since international sanctions on the Islamic Republic were lifted on January 16 after it struck a deal with six major powers to limit its nuclear program .                       
That means that before Carter ' s announcement , women faced many of the risks associated with war but have not had access to all the military ' s training and career opportunities .                             
Japan ' s central bank basically did nothing , but did it in a way that looks like it ' s willing to do something in the future .                                       
Don ' t forget - that away goal will only come into play if the sides are still level at the end of extra time , should it get that far .                                 
You expect the officials that are supposed to be of a high standard to spot that but this obviously wasn ' t one of those nights .                                           
The challenge for all of us now is to force our politicians , at home and abroad , to bridge the gap .                                                   
But the governor has hosted more than 60 town - hall - style events across the state , which is more than his opponents .                                               
Three important cabinet ministers - home affairs , defence and border affairs - are also chosen by the commander - in - chief .                                                 
Despite the high demand for computer science education , only a quarter of United States schools offer computer science programs , the White House said .                                             
Little did they know this was a mum and she wasn ' t going to let that car be taken .                                                       
They ' re a good football team , they run most plays well and we just have to play well together up front .                                                 
But we don ' t have a concrete indication that there will be an attack today or tomorrow at a specific location ," he said .                                             
If identity theft is such a big problem , then why do so few people ask the government for help ?                                                       
" I know people want to get out of your houses and move around , but we need you to stay at home as much as possible ," Baker said .                                   
At the same time , I wouldn ' t mind us playing in the league and giving us the opportunity to gain points .                                                 
That ' s encouraging for a company selling TV you can turn your brain off to - even if it won ' t exactly save the world .                                         
And he ' ll talk about saving the American auto industry and helping bring about 70 straight months of job growth .                                                     
Even as May turned into June , it was still not yet certain that he - or anyone from his wing of the Labour Party - would run .                                       
This is more of a statement game for us , we have a desire to finish season as well as we can for our team , our players and our fans .                                 
( He ) might take it ( too ) far to some extent , but I think he ' s a great player .                                                 
It ' s the only investigation that there is that will have any chance of getting the right people to provide information .                                                   
The 17 - year - old admitted posting a video of his then 14 - year - old girlfriend on Instagram after they split up .                                             
" For reasons unknown to our Party at this time , Donald Trump has decided that this [ is ] an attack against his campaign ," he said in the email .                                 
While they can set up alternative legal structures to transfer data to the United States , these have been called into question by the EU ' s data protection regulators .                                   
The company is committed to ensuring that its investment partners can build leading businesses from brilliant technologies - with the support of some of the most influential figures in the sector .                                 
Much of the growth in loan revenues occurred late in the year , such that the increase should provide greater loan revenues for subsequent periods .                                             
GDP expanded 2 . 4 per cent for a second straight year , led by the biggest gain in consumer spending in a decade .                                               
Obama wrote that he is resigned to the reality that " common - sense gun reform won ' t happen during this Congress .                                                 
One size does not fit all , which is why we are committed to an outcomes - based approach going forward .                                                     
And , because the candidates were spending so much time in just two states , they had to face questions from actual voters .                                                 
This is the second season [ I ' ve been at Celtic with no Rangers in the same league ] so you ' re kind of getting used to it now .                                 
An attack on a university in Pakistan which left at least 30 people dead has been ended by security forces .                                                       
But there is one game that artificial intelligence has long struggled to master : Go , a board game with roots in ancient China .                                               
" I think having a John Wayne and John Wayne family endorsement means a lot because it does mean that strength that you don ' t see ," Trump said .                                   
The 32 year - old Japan international has played in all of the country ' s World Cup matches in 2010 and 2014 .                                                 
But he explained that the girl had contacted him by text the following day to tell him it had been her boyfriend who had sent the message .                                         
Prime Minister David Cameron pledged during the election to sell the final part of the public ' s stake , which was expected to raise £ 2 billion .                                       
Google said late on Friday the 130 million pounds would settle a probe by the British tax authority , which had challenged the company ' s low tax returns for the years since 2005 .                           
The people who march down on the street didn ' t see that the public media was in the hands of a political group .                                               
" I think we ' re going to be struggling ," the senator admitted , but said he still would continue to fight on in New Hampshire and elsewhere even if his showing in Iowa is poor .                     
I ' m in a good position and it was great to finish the year by winning the British trials , but there ' s still a lot to do .                                   
If it was revealed that we ' d met with that part of government , with no results , we would find ourselves in a very difficult spot .                                       
Of course , we ' re the ones who buy those products - and therefore much of the responsibility should lay with us .                                                 
It is not proper to name them , but in a number of countries , in the name of democracy , all decisions are made by one person .                                       
" A few moments ago I was handed my very first American fan letter - and it was from you ," Bowie wrote .                                                 
It won twice , placed ( that is , came in second ) three times and showed ( third place ) five times .                                                 
Instead , it appeared aimed at Democratic congressional candidates from competitive districts who might want Obama ' s support on the campaign trail this year .                                             
" The best medicine is education , and for more athletes and parents to be aware of sports injuries - and appropriate treatment of those injuries - is also a very good thing ," he said .                       
But he also points out that Sanders , in order to finance such a system , would have to raise taxes sharply .                                                   
A less - secure option , when the elderly parent has a home but few savings , is to explore a home equity line of credit or a reverse mortgage .                                   
She is expected to announce a new housing policy , the first election pledge from the party as campaigning for the Scottish Parliament election gets under way .                                         
Many survivors report members of the group saying , ' Do not be afraid , I ' m protecting you ," while they are being attacked .                                             
Yes , for those of you keeping score this will be the third time I have responded to his statements .                                                       
Media organizations represented in the letter included The Associated Press , The New York Times , The Los Angeles Times , ABC , CBS , NBC and CNN .                                       
It is not unusual for U . S . presidential candidates to fly private or even sometimes stay in luxury hotels .                                                     
A congressional investigation later found that the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Red Cross did not have systems " sophisticated " enough to deal with the disaster .                                       
The Canadian dollar , in theory , should strengthen in line with the Canadian economy , which last month pulled itself out of recession .                                               
Maybe I ' ve changed my game a ­ little bit , but I still feel fit and strong and I can still run .                                               
Our forecast for December performed well with regard to our call for a warm - dominated month with little to no snow chances .                                                 
We will only talk to authorities when people are in the street ; that ' s when we will talk to authorities , because the authorities are the ones who failed this state .                             
" I know all this already from back home ," the 52 - year - old teacher from Aleppo told Reuters .                                                     
AP In this still frame made from video , Florida Sen . Marco Rubio drinks water during his Republican response to President Barack Obama ' s State of the Union address , on Feb .                           
He said that " recent events " have caused both the watchdog and the police to " take stock of our arrangements to ensure they are appropriate to changed circumstances .                                   
" An overall risk off tone , soft data and month end demand helped US Treasury bonds perform in the last day of 2015 ," he said .                                         
It takes time to develop players and people but if you worked the right way you get the credit in the end .                                                   
I ' d rather the members themselves recognised that this kind of behaviour is dangerous and we need to try to do something about it .                                             
Metro said the rail system will run from 7 a . m . to midnight with limited service on the Red , Orange and Green lines .                                           
For Clinton , gun control offers a way to use her own Senate voting record , now eight years in the past , to address a current issue about which she feels strongly .                             
He had worked with a " major Middle Eastern royal family trading company " but Mr Blair ' s office denied he was hired because of his Middle Eastern connections .                                   
Jordan , he is a good , good guy , so it ' s really fun to see all the love and support .                                                 
He has a $ 4 . 8 million salary in 2016 and is set to become a free agent after the 2017 season .                                                 
We ' ve got to come up with a great game plan against them like we did against New England .                                                       
It was a ceremony designed to create the opposite of closure , to pick at a wound and make it raw again .                                                   
More than 20 per cent of the Queensland workforce is now considered professional , while managers make up about 13 per cent and administration workers about 15 per cent .                                     
The North agreed to end its nuclear program in international negotiations in 2005 but later walked away from the deal .                                                       
Arsenal ' s first home league loss since the opening day of the season leaves Leicester as the leader by three points .                                                   
Our initial question was whether or not bad weather could shift the vote in Iowa or New Hampshire this year .                                                       
As long as Washington is bought and paid for , we can ' t build an economy that works for people .                                                     
11 : 47 p . m . update : As promised in the 11 : 35 p . m . update , here ' s the Canadian model snow output , which is on the order of 20 - 30 inches around the region .       
When I am going through a deep and very dark place during the 10 in 10 running , it will be easy just to think about those two and get me moving again .                             
" But I am very happy to be out here on this New Year ' s Eve to bring a strong impact to 2016 ," she said .                                         
She said his decision would likely rest on the outcome of the crucial early voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire .                                                     
If we ' re going to have the principle in the cabinet , the Senate is an appointed body and it would be natural to do that ," she said .                                   
We ' re prepared for the busy period to roll into 2016 as we ' ve already started to receive some January orders .                                                 
At the end of the experiment , I wasn ' t dying to get my phone back or to access Facebook .                                                     
The UK has already received a warning from the European Commission , threatening legal action over its failure to protect the species .                                                   
In every club now , when I look at the bench I am quite impressed with the players who are there .                                                     
Rubio is currently polling third in Iowa , behind front - runner Donald Trump and Texas Sen . Ted Cruz .                                                       
In trying to engineer Chelsea ' s climb up the table , he needs players who care , who will give it their all .                                               
6 ( UPI ) -- Energy companies working in the Kurdish north of Iraq said they ' ve received payments from the regional government for crude oil exports .                                         
Australia ' s consumer price index rose 0 . 4 per cent in the December quarter , beating market expectations of a 0 . 3 per cent rise .                                       
But developments in recent months suggest that even that plan is unlikely to end up on the city ' s agenda .                                                     
He said the U . S . State Department annually makes public its reports on all countries " human rights practices .                                                     
As a player , he was part of a defense that shut down great offensive teams from San Francisco and Washington .                                                     
He will have to show us how business communities will receive the same level of service as they do in the current system .                                                 
This remains an ongoing investigation and I am unable to comment on the evidence or say anything further at this time .                                                     
Here are some of the the different places and situations where people across the globe have found themselves in the past as they brought in the New Year .                                       
U . S . illegal immigration has fallen below 11 million , continuing a nearly decade - long decline , according to a report .                                               
One can expect the economy to be at the heart of much of what we see and hear in the coming months .                                                   
In fact , Sanders has opened an almost - comfortable lead over Clinton ' s second - place standing in Iowa .                                                     
We take pride in working with internal teams to transfer our knowledge , acting as your on - demand , local - everywhere M & A team .                                         
The truth is , while there are past differences on some gun legislation , going forward there are not big differences on this issue .                                               
Of the 5 , 000 air strikes carried out by Russia since it began its air offensive in Syria on Sept .                                                     
Instead of attending a seventh debate , the former reality TV star held a competing event across town that he said raised $ 6 million for U . S . military veterans .                               
Some are significantly younger and would have not been eligible to vote in these elections , and others are older and have voted consistently , going back years .                                       
" The first H - bomb test was successfully conducted ," the official Korean Central News Agency said in a statement issued shortly after a special announcement was broadcast on state - run television .                           
We ' ve been consistent , and that ' s what it takes , but we want to win in the Cup series -- and we will this year .                                     
As hard as it was , I think we also were very , very grateful though that we were getting such a real experience .                                               
But we are also not in a good position in the Premier League and now the most important thing is to stay there .                                                 
A U . S . congressional source said on Tuesday the Obama administration would be worried if he were playing an important role .                                                 
It is the 26 - year - old ' s second semi at Melbourne Park and will play world No .                                                       
So tall in fact that you sometimes don ' t notice it ' s there , until you look down and realise you ' re walking on a carpet of fallen red flowers .                             
" I don ' t care whether [ the authorities ] are seen to be doing enough ; I care whether they are doing enough ," Murray said .                                       
" There is no point in doing this job if you are not thinking every single day about what you can do to make NHS care safer ," he said .                                   
It was the fifth time this season Minnesota ( 13 - 30 ) had lost a lead of at least 17 points .                                                   
" There seems to be a much more general understanding that we all need to support small local business if we want Adelaide to be an interesting and creative city ," she says .                             
Although India ' s oil demand is only one - third that of China , it is the growth picture that should be better covered by analysts and headlines .                                     
" They need more dollars to pay for the usual claims you can expect from young men who are drinking ," she said .                                                 
However , China has been trying to get more involved , especially in Syria , and recently hosted its foreign minister and opposition officials .                                               
A master of professional studies degree is for students who want not just a general understanding of their field , but the specific skills to succeed .                                           
What ' s the point of being on the planet if you sit in a big house by yourself and count your money ?                                                 
Asked why he believed his approach could win the day in such an environment , Rubio said , " We are a hopeful and optimistic people and we have a lot to be optimistic about if we do what needs to be done .           
He said he wrote down the statement because he thought it was so strange that she would immediately talk about taking legal action , before the facts were apparent .                                     
He was also the only one known to have initially declined Obama ' s offer , according to interviews with lawyers for the men .                                               
His comments come as Mr Abbott ' s sister said she was " disappointed " over his plans to address an anti - gay group in the US .                                       
He is delighted the player has been given an opportunity to play at a higher level and has no doubt the Scotland under - 21 man will prove to be a huge asset to Celtic .                         
While NSW ' s population growth rate is 1 . 35 per cent , this is well above its average performance across the decade .                                               
" I ' m asking the U . S . or South Korean government to rescue me ," Kim , 62 , told the network .                                             
After half - time , the pitch of the game changed and it felt more like a cup tie in its final stages .                                                 
He said : " We have seen more confidence in the sector which is driving growing private equity interest in new and exciting brands and we expect this to continue throughout 2016 .                                 
" There are not that many people who would leave their homes and go to do that sort of work ," he said .                                                 
He said he will find a way to stay involved in the game and with players , because his wife wouldn ' t want him home for more than 48 hours .                                 
We felt we could have waited until the summer but I felt if we had waited we might have lost out or have been in fierce competition with others .                                     
" You ' re taking a lot of heat now about your voting in Washington ," the man told Rubio .                                                       
The Home Secretary has said ' it is not business as usual ', but what she ' s done is effectively turned away to state - sponsored terrorism in the UK .                                 
I think it was 10 games where they rushed over 100 yards -- they ' ve won nine of them .                                                       
" If the deal is good enough I ' ll take it , if it ' s not I won ' t ," he said .                                             
I was very upset , it took a long time for me to come to terms with the fact I would have no physical reminder of my daughter .                                       
The agency was formed in 2007 to investigate problems at Chicago ' s police force , which has a long history of complaints of abuse .                                             
It means there is something wrong and government should play a role in making sure that all of our kids regardless of their income are able to get a higher education .                                 
Turkey has stepped up security at its international airports as it has tried to prevent foreign fighters , hidden among the millions of tourists who visit each year , seeking to cross its territory and join the ranks of Islamic State in Syria .         
The long - term average value of the pound against the euro since the European currency was launched in 1999 has been € 1 . 38 - slightly above its current value .                               
" The name came down on Friday and since then we ' ve been under a state of emergency ," Clark said .                                                   
Still , the moves fall short of the demands of labor groups , which have called on companies to pay a " living wage " of $ 15 an hour .                                   
More titles were sold in the three - month run - up to Christmas than in the previous 12 months , it added .                                                 
Prime Minister David Cameron pleaded with doctors on Monday to call off the action , and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt urged union members to return to the negotiating table for new talks with the government .                         
" I think that President al - Assad has made many mistakes in the course of the Syrian conflict ," Putin said .                                                   
The firm was forced to defend its dominant position against anti - trust charges from the European Commission last year .                                                       
She had been dealing with that for four months , when she went to check on her horse on July 13 the same year .                                               
The new property had been on the market initially mid - last year with $ 1 . 3 million plus hopes .                                                     
You do not find any country in the world where people who are against the system are allowed into any decision - making bodies .                                               
We will note , by the way , that there is a wall in the situation shown in the clip , as you can see in the still above .                                     
Police released few details about the incident but said the investigation thus far does not indicate that the two were targeted because of their job positions .                                           
However , he said those who don ' t have faith in the ruling system should not be allowed to hold office .                                                   
For most of our fellow citizens , " Europe " means the European Parliament or Council , and especially the latter .                                                       
Most market analysts expect a balance between supply and demand will return in the latter half of 2016 or early 2017 , though crude oil prices will remain at low levels when compared with peak 2014 prices above $ 100 per barrel .           
The sub - index has fallen 5 . 8 per cent over the past three weeks and is now below its long - run average .                                             
I stay pretty focused , as I think we all should on what we have to do to build on the progress of the Obama administration but go even further .                                   
The state recently passed regulations calling for all 1 - and 2 - year - olds in the state to be tested , regardless of where they live .                                       
Now it has emerged the residents , who , almost two years after the crisis began , are still paying up to $ 200 a month on water bills .                                     
So if you have a shot and you don ' t take it and quickly throw it to him and make him take a shot then you ' re out , I ' m not playing you .                     
The attack took place shortly after India beat Afghanistan in the final of a regional football championship , a game that attracted wide interest in Afghanistan .                                           
When it comes to the pound , it ' s a case of sell , sell , sell - in the currency markets , at least .                                           
All it would take is for the rest of the world to make things a little worse , and for the Federal Reserve to make a mistake .                                         
This particular co - worker is a pretty active social media user , so I was really surprised to see her be so hands - off .                                           
The announcement of these measures came as a surprise Friday , as the board was expected to discuss the issue at a regularly scheduled meeting on Jan .                                         
But , my guess is that the ratings for this debate will be significantly lower than the other Republican debates on major cable channels .                                               
Sanders , at a campaign stop in central Iowa , suggested the topic was getting a lot of attention because Clinton sees him gaining on her .                                           
His daughters were now adults ; his parents were getting old , and his son ' s college fees had to be paid .                                                 
The details of what happened to her in the District may seem old news to some , but those of us who care about the city ' s schools want to understand what went wrong .                         
Carson often talks about his childhood in poverty in Detroit , where he was raised by a single mother with a third - grade education .                                             
Go along with what a friend suggests today , even if you think it ' s not a good idea .                                                       
It ' s just a truth of the movie , and it was important to me when we were writing this to put some things in that we never talk about .                                 
Or maybe - and this is the big one - the Fed will continue to increase interest rates when it probably shouldn ' t .                                               
But a judge decided she could be charged with tax fraud in 2007 and 2008 because Spanish law allows groups to file charges .                                                 
He was doing his job , fighting for his life , putting others ahead of his own safety , but then that was his job , which he did well .                                   
" We are as much part of this community as red buses , and we are being threatened ," he said .                                                     
I had a half - dozen people stop to take a picture because they hadn ' t seen a chair like this before .                                                 
But in the wake of concerns about waves of sex attacks by newly arrived migrants in Germany over New Year , the case has caused outrage on social media .                                     
" I didn ' t want to be here , to be honest , I wanted to be about five minutes away " at the debate , Trump told the crowd .                                 
He preferred other ways to profit , citing both International Airlines Group and Thomas Cook as potentially attractive - as their profits should rise on the back of lower fuel costs .                                 
I ' ve been playing for the under - 20s , which I know isn ' t as high a level , but I ' ve been keeping fit every day in the gym .                           
They " secured " the children - aged 1 , 3 and 5 - before the man was taken to Richmond police station .                                                 
The greatest concern they have about Tony Blair , way above the Iraq War , is that he won three times in a row .                                               
Another man told Reuters television that the fighters had killed seven people who refused to come with them to another district where they were making a stand .                                         
In downtown Washington , a foot of snow was on the ground by 5 a . m ., with more reported in the Virginia and Maryland suburbs .                                         
" I hope the pieces will bring them comfort knowing their loved one is close to their heart ," she said .                                                     
He also noted that the recently announced Obama administration policy is intended to apply only to those who have been issued final orders of removal by an immigration court .                                     
He said the 24 / 7 information service would give people in need the ability to learn in a few seconds what would have previously taken years to learn on the streets .                               
" It works very well for me ," he said , adding that he can quickly get to and from campaign stops thanks to his private aircraft fleet .                                       
Seven people are confirmed dead with the toll expected to rise and a further two are taken to hospital , one with life threatening injuries .                                             
In the 12 months to November , online spending was up 11 . 4 per cent , to an estimated total of $ 18 . 1 billion .                                         
He hasn ' t really been able to break above 3 % in Iowa , and just 7 % in New Hampshire , behind Ohio Gov . John Kasich and Bush .                                 
" The important thing is that there must be an intention for change , but we have not yet received such a signal ," he said .                                           
Asked about his vote on ABC ' s " This Week " on Sunday , Sanders said it was " a complicated piece of legislation .                                             
" Today ' s victory was for that community , and a quick recovery and all of Canada , and I ' m sure the world is behind you ," he said .                               
This would be a state - of - the - art way of doing that , better than any other technology could .                                                   
He said : " I very much hope that we can with the good will that is clearly there reach an agreement at he February European council .                                           
They are talking and they are fine , but I could not tell you how long they will be out for .                                                     
" If you can handle it at Celtic for four or five years , I think I ' ll cope with this OK ," he pointed out .                                         
Although he always had significant things going on , when he dropped by her office for a coffee , he always asked about her life and her work , too .                                   
At heart , he explained , Labour was " a family " - and wasn ' t it normal for families to have " differences of opinion " over Christmas ?                                     
But if working with the banks doesn ' t prove effective , we will turn to mass action ," she said .                                                     
In New Hampshire , which holds its Democratic primary a week later , Sanders said he thinks he would probably win by a little bit if the election were today .                                   
The price point appeals to lower and middle - income consumers who are looking for something which is less expensive than the dinner menu .                                               
Royal Bank of Scotland last week sought to clear the path to its share sale by getting more bad news out of the way .                                               
Ted Baker is a fantastic British success story , but investors are now expecting far too much from this luxury brand .                                                     
I was a first - time mother , and had only just moved to the Middle East after years in Pakistan and Afghanistan .                                                 
Mr . Cox also found he could buy a return train ticket to Berlin city centre , enjoy a free tour of a government building and lunch while he was out there and still save money .                       
Facebook Sports Stadium currently covers only American football games and comes ahead of next month ' s Super Bowl , on Feb .                                                   
The industry also claims soft drinks are responsible for only the fifth biggest source of sugar in a family diet , below milk and cream .                                             
" If I stayed in Syria , he wouldn ' t be educated , he wouldn ' t have a future ," she said .                                               
Asked about their own issues , candidates turned quickly to subjects they all agreed on : The Islamic State must be defeated .                                                   
I must have gone straight past him as a kid and not noticed but I remember this time he had a glass of red wine in his hand .                                       
Because the guy who I knew was no more capable of it than you or I as far as I could tell .                                                   
Democrats and Republicans typically hold a three - day meeting somewhere outside of Washington during the second half of January .                                                       
Of course the fans want us to win and to win by 10 - 0 if we can , but sometimes it ' s hard as well .                                         
This exciting new product has no restrictions on print size and doesn ' t require a computer or software to use .                                                     
I met him outside the government building where he was told to show up along with the families of the dead to meet with officials .                                             
" We ' re not surprised this happened here , this has always been a possible target ," he said .                                                       
" I just didn ' t know what was passing me -- that ' s all !" he said of his reaction .                                                   
The Sunday Times have reported that six Cabinet ministers believe Mr Cameron would have to stand down if the UK voted to leave .                                                 
" We heard one case of a 20 - year - old girl who was burned alive because she refused to perform an extreme sex act ," she told the committee .                                 
In the absence of any agreement on how to ease the flow of people into Greece and Italy , the crisis has become a political time bomb .                                         
21 ( UPI ) -- The Canadian economy can strike the right balance between heavy oil and natural gas and the need to address climate change , the prime minister said .                                   
There is a position we hold in this community , and if we are not part of the solution then we are part of the problem .                                           
" I believe that if and when they feel the need to work they ' ll be able to catch up very quickly ," he said .                                           
But Gordon didn ' t rush for 100 yards in a game or score a rushing touchdown ; his season ended up when he sustained a knee injury .                                       
The Chancellor did as much in his comments on Thursday - or at least , that is how I believe they should be understood .                                               
" Around the world , in other places , gay people have joined forces to fight for their rights ," he said .                                                   
Nearly 150 , 000 power cuts were reported in North Carolina alone at the height of the storm , emergency officials said .                                                   
Another explained : " Every time I thought she had dropped off to go back home , I would hear her coming back up to me , and she would race past me up to the two leaders .                     
The purpose of the multi - level competition is to support the development of a stronger and more successful business community in Europe .                                                 
Nearly 6 , 000 people have been killed since the Saudi coalition entered the conflict in March , almost half of them civilians .                                                 
Police are searching for the driver and some of his victims who they believed may have sought medical assistance after the incident .                                                   
There is also a real risk , for Mexican officials , that if he is turned over to the Americans he might provide them with information about high - level corruption in Mexico .                             
" I have said that even those who are against the establishment should take part in the election ," he said .                                                     
But Tuesday ' s bitter events reflect the new reality for a candidate who has spent his career using colleagues and campaign rivals for target practice .                                           
It is seeking its third rescue in less than four years , after a bank - led plan in May failed to turn it around .                                             
It ' s best if you don ' t use your phone for this , since you ' ll probably want to reserve that for calls in case of an emergency .                                 
The most important thing for England in terms of 2019 is developing skills and allowing players to grow and express themselves in a Test match environment .                                           
He was killed soon afterwards and is not thought to have lived long enough to have seen his son , now aged 22 months .                                               
She has promised not to raise taxes on those making less than $ 250 , 000 a year and argued that guaranteed family leave could be funded another way .                                     
During the last Congress , the Senate dropped the ball on a similar North Korea sanctions bill that the House passed by voice vote .                                               
On the one hand there ' s a feeling that what happened is wrong and many people are concerned about this .                                                     
Yet despite a promising junior ranking of No 11 in the world , she spent her early 20s struggling with the demands of the international tour .                                           
It ' s got a lot of history here and we want to continue that history and create some of our own .                                                   
While these new ideas have mainly been generated by start - up companies , investors say bigger , more established security players are interested .                                               
The academy is there for a reason - don ' t talk about the academy and youth football if you are not going to use it .                                           
But I ' ve been selected for the reasons that I do what I do , and he ' s been very clear about me doing that role as well as I can .                             
If you know what you ' re doing , you can do the work yourself and keep costs down ," he said .                                                   
If this had been provided the call would have received an urgent ' red ' priority which would have triggered an eight minute response from an ambulance crew .                                       
He is also expected to request funding for 200 additional law enforcement agents and take steps to improve access to mental health care .                                                 
Britain will also commit to providing further resources to help countries such as Greece and Italy to help identify and register children at risk on first arrival in the EU .                                   
The Sanders surge might come as a surprise to many , considering the first Iowa poll had Clinton leading Sanders by 41 percent when both candidates announced their campaigns last year .                                 
Police announced that they had arrested three more protesters on Wednesday , taking the total number of arrests to 11 .                                                       
" That ' s why intelligence is very important , sharing information about people who might be of concern ," he said .                                                   
Then there ' s the fact that Clinton hasn ' t , really , found a good response to this line of attack from Sanders .                                             
Rubio ' s remarks came hours before Obama was set on Monday to announce new moves to strengthen background checks that would - be gun buyers face .                                         
Despite the firm answer from the White House on the issue , Obama may have given signals as to where his support lies .                                                 
In other words , your child at age 70 could end up with $ 1 million instead of $ 500 , 000 just by getting this head start .                                       
I am not surprised by the sense that a majority of us have that our kids aren ' t going to enjoy a life with as much opportunity , health , wealth as we have .                         
The real time machine , he said , was obviously much more complicated , and was obviously made entirely , or almost entirely , out of metal .                                         
But Republican budget leaders say they have no choice but to honor the deal struck with congressional Democrats and the White House .                                                   
He burst onto the scene when he was really young and seemed to take to high level rugby straight away .                                                       
And there are measures we can take to stop making matters worse and to protect our towns and villages more effectively .                                                     
" I ' ll never forget the look on Charlie ' s face as we watched the Rugby World Cup together last September ," Sarah says .                                           
I have played a couple of times here and it ' s always a great atmosphere with a full crowd , and I look forward to being on the right side of the fans .                           
Her doctors at George Washington University put her on a special diet and encouraged her to find additional sources of cannabis .                                                     
" You can take some comfort , colleagues , in the fact that I am not being paid , and when I finish , you will probably think the White House got its money ' s worth ," he said .               
He said : " As players sometimes you have to lift the crowd , whether it ' s a tackle , whether it ' s a shot on goal .                                       
More than 2 , 800 civilians have been killed in the fighting so far , with the majority of people killed by coalition bombing , according to the United Nations .                                   
The pair started slowly with the Brazilian particularly off - colour early on as he lost his serve twice , the second with a double fault , to give away the set .                               
" It was clear from the December summit that discrimination was simply not possible , so this is the solution that a number of European countries have agreed is the only one that works ," a European diplomatic source with knowledge of the negotiations said .     
" I will promote Australia ' s high growth economy and sophisticated , innovative culture and the opportunities this offers to leaders in American politics , business and creative industries ," Bishop said in a statement .                       
I ' ve changed everything for this year , so if anybody has any questions about how dedicated we are to having the best year we possibly could have ; that ' s the answer .                         
All politicians tell people what they want to hear , I can imagine him saying , I ' m just better at it .                                                 
I would be more suspect ( of a hospital ) which did testing for two years and said they didn ' t find anything .                                               
In the summer , King pledged £ 10 million to be invested in the management and playing squad to get Rangers back to the top flight .                                           
What he should know , at the age of 26 , is he ' s a grown man , and he ' s out of chances .                                           
If getting outside and taking walks , or sitting in silence , or walking dogs , or talking with loved ones on the phone got me to that same place , I ' d be more than happy to change things up .           
The New York Times has a look at the new research into what it takes to get you to pay up at tax time .                                               
The video prompted protests and led to a wide - ranging civil rights investigation of the entire police department by the U . S . Department of Justice .                                       
" I ' ve given the boys a week away to make sure they can gather their thoughts and be around their loved ones , process what ' s happened and reflect a little bit as well ," he told the Guardian .           
The Syrian conflict , which began in 2011 , has killed an estimated 250 , 000 people and displaced a further 11 million .                                                 
But I wanted obviously also them to be on board because I could do a lot more and bring more players in and strengthen the squad in January .                                       
If such behaviour was to continue , the reality is it would only be a matter of time before serious injury is caused .                                                 
These voters are , in the overwhelming majority of cases , men and women of good faith who are trying to make this country better , and who deserve to have their voices heard .                           
Clinton has been making an aggressive play to position herself to the left of Sanders when it comes to gun control .                                                     
That challenge was made more difficult given that the vast majority of the school ' s 34 , 000 students live off campus and more than half of them have cars .                                 
The club knows what they can get if something happens but again there is nothing confirmed , it ' s just a week ' s training .                                           
At a recent meeting of the city ' s finance committee , though , local politicians indicated that their best hope for now was to seek some sort of outside financial help .                               
That is a return of around 1 . 5 per cent , or not much different to money in the bank .                                                     
You then hope you can maybe get the fans on their backs in the first five to ten minutes and build on that .                                                 
I ' ve spent a fair amount of time on the immigration issue because it has received so much attention , and because it is so controversial .                                         
You can ' t meet one of these women , know what they went through and not immediately understand that major changes had to be made .                                           
" If you start early in the morning , then there ' s little work to do when guests arrive ," Rose says .                                                 
" Over the two weeks to the end of the survey , the oil price has fallen by 20 per cent ," he said .                                               
This is potentially one of the most creative times of the year , a time when you can take an idea and turn it into something real and substantial .                                     
The average cost of funds was 0 . 22 % for the full year 2015 , down 1 basis point from the prior year .                                               
You can see Ben Carson start from the edge and make his way to the middle -- and now head back to the edge .                                               
It would be nice to get a home draw on Friday , there are a lot of great sides in it at that stage .                                               
" It is the Syrian people themselves who must decide who and how should run their country ," he said .                                                       
" We ' ve offered it , and lots of people have looked at it , but there has just been no take - up from the other side ," he says .                               
" If it is not stopped here , I am afraid the restrictions on speech will increase ," he said .                                                       
Like the shelter for homeless families at the former D . C . General Hospital , they are officially off - limits to reporters .                                               
I really do feel that my preparation for being president puts me very strongly on the side of helping American families and that ' s at the core of my campaign .                                 
It comes as it was predicted that a British exit from the EU could cut net migration to Britain by 100 , 000 a year .                                             
" The idea that everybody wants the same experience for personal travel is strange to me , because nobody ' s ever wanted that ," King says .                                         
It must also make interest payments on this debt , and as of August , 2015 , it expected to pay $ 70 . 5 - million in interest in 2016 alone .                               
The Coast Guard said Thursday that nine children were among the dead - four girls and five boys - while eight adult men and one woman also died .                                       
It is huge to start your first tournament back and not really feel like you have to work much on putting , other than getting the speed down .                                       
Once I hit 30 I ' ll want to hit 40 and then see where I am at the end of the season .                                                 
" I don ' t think he had a gun on him , but he could have potentially hurt us or we could have hurt him ," she said .                                     
They would be able to return there and get experience teaching , or whatever they felt like , as they have connections there now .                                               
Those already focused on reducing their debt won ' t go out and add to it just because the carrying cost is down a bit .                                             
The idea is that if you do something as a group , you ' ll challenge each other to see it through .                                                   
It was coming at some point , but it ' s going to feel a bit rough after that super - warm December .                                                 
The games against City and Chelsea we played so well and I don ' t know why we couldn ' t do it in others .                                             
For a second , it was like I was back in New Jersey ," he added , before putting the man in time out .                                               
There has been a regional severe weather episode associated with this storm today over parts of the mid - South .                                                       
Having told you during a telephone conversation that it would provide the mortgage you wanted , the bank then changed its mind .                                                   
But House Republicans want deep , immediate cuts in both areas , setting up a clash early in the new Congress .                                                     
" I tried to speak to the Aberdeen manager and I told him they should have given it back ," said the midfielder .                                                 
The firm ' s mobile division reported an operating loss of 44 billion won , compared with a 78 billion won loss in the third quarter of 2015 .                                       
I ' ve got a good squad , but if there ' s someone out there that can give us a lift then we have the finances there to do it .                                 
The U . S . recently sent 200 additional special operations troops to Iraq , bringing the total number of coalition troops in the country to more than 3 , 300 .                                 
" For more than 100 years the average Australian family was able to buy its first home on one wage ," he wrote .                                                 
What was most striking was the degree to which the candidates chose to ignore Trump - even though he has led the national polls for months , he could win here on Monday , and he holds bigger leads in New Hampshire and South Carolina .     
" Our findings show that users mostly tend to select and share content related to a specific narrative and to ignore the rest ," the paper said .                                         
She said : " My mum tried to pay for our tickets but she only had a Scottish £ 10 note .                                                       
The White House would not comment on the timing or content of Obama ' s executive actions except to say it will happen at the beginning of the year .                                     
In terms of England coming up here , Dylan ' s an experienced guy , he ' s been around a while and he ' ll deal with that .                                     
The U . S . Department of Health and Human Services said that total included about 4 million people under age 35 .                                                   
A study found that 1 , 600 people died of heart attacks related to snow removal between 1990 and 2006 .                                                       
He has already played Murray twice at the Australian Open - in 2013 and last year - and lost in straight sets on each occasion .                                             
" They are heavily armed and the attack is aimed to cause maximum damage to the equipment at the station but we have been successful so far ," he said .                                   
West Virginia has won eight of the nine meetings with the Red Raiders and its seventh straight win in the series since joining the Big 12 Conference .                                         
People who watched men and women negotiating with the same words in a 2005 study rated the men as strong and the women as too demanding .                                           
The report also quoted an official with the road construction company saying it was removing its equipment from the construction zone .                                                     
Well , in the last 18 months , it ' s been pretty much all of them other than the United States .                                                   
The United Nations says tens of thousands have been killed in the civil war , and more than two million people have fled their homes .                                             
" Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country ," he wrote .                                                     
She will also challenge Sturgeon to move on from the constitutional debate in the wake of 2014 " s referendum on independence .                                                   
For the first time in years , the Florida team is a hot ticket both at home and on the road .                                                     
A subsequent announcement from the regime that it would make a statement late Tuesday evening seems to have left little doubt .                                                     
The China figures represent the highest Saturday or Sunday movie opening in the country in industry history , the Disney film studio said in a statement .                                           
It would not be the first time that a member of the Islamic State has killed a parent on the group ' s orders .                                               
" The only problem we will have will be time - there ' s a lot of ground to cover ," he said .                                                 
" Today , Chinese markets have opened down , and all regional markets have followed them down , with the pain being focused on Hong Kong ," he said .                                     
He had a 26 - 21 record , including 6 - 9 in 2015 , in three seasons with the Eagles after signing a five - year , $ 32 . 5 million contract to leave the University of Oregon in 2013 .             
There is believed to be absolutely zero chance of rate rise at the Fed ' s next meeting , which ends on Wednesday .                                                 
While the NFL is attempting to remove some of the violence -- particularly head shots -- from the game , one of the leading presidential candidates criticized the league from growing soft .                               
I have no problem with that and I will carry on giving my take on things as I have been doing for some time .                                               
As a home - grown player , and given the relatively high levels of Chelsea ' s wages , he can expect to move onto a weekly salary around the £ 40 , 000 - a - week mark .                 
You get an email to confirm your purchase , but I didn ' t remember to check because it was just before Christmas and I was so busy .                                       
It ' s not just wrong , but it ' s someone who doesn ' t understand that the movement is not just about breaking up the big banks .                                     
But as we saw in the UK and the US in 2009 , it can turn round financial sentiment and boost confidence when other factors are becoming more positive .                                     
The report points out that more migration will help further cut the sky - high unemployment rates of Greece , Italy and Spain that resulted from the financial crisis .                                     
There is also the very real possibility that one or more of your ideas could start making big money over the next few days .                                               
Goldman ' s investment management arm grew its total assets to $ 1 . 25 trillion , the most ever .                                                       
Last year , Trump announced that if he becomes president he will impose a temporary ban on allowing most Muslims from entering the country .                                               
That means a company with eight staff could lose a full working day every week while they wait for their internet connection to catch up .                                             
We have decided that Iraq ' s vote will go to Prince Ali because Prince Ali has always supported the development of football in Iraq , Jordan and our region .                                   
So let Iowa be Iowa , and then let the rest of the country decide how much or little it really matters .                                                   
In India , local news agencies reported a possible New Year ' s Eve threat to the country ' s Parliament building .                                                   
She had cited it in January , 2008 , when she struggled to make sense of the challenge from Barack Obama .                                                     
From that day forward , some piece of me has never watched a movie without thinking about where the tracks are .                                                     
You can ' t say that just because I ' m even 16 years younger than him that he can ' t say that he likes younger women .                                       
As a rule , setting the interests of poor children against those of poor women leads to reforms that fail , which leads , a few years later , to another dead - baby story .                         
The statement said the test was a " perfect success ," and the announcement was celebrated on the streets of Pyongyang , where a large crowd gathered in front of the city ' s main train station to watch the test announcement on a big video screen . 
During the broadcast , she seemed as though she were being brought along for a ride that was beyond her control .                                                     
Two polls in early January marked a turn - around for Sanders , showing him beating Clinton for the first time since September .                                                 
We looked very solid in the last part of the season and that ' s something we want to do again now .                                                   
I would like him to be as soon as possible on the pitch and hopefully I will get problems to pick my striker or the second or third striker and decide who I have to put in the stands in the game .           
MPs are to debate calls for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from Britain after his controversial comments about Muslims .                                                   
The good news , from Canada ' s perspective , is that the Australians have given us a road map .                                                       
" Unfortunately , the writing did not go as fast or as well as I would have liked ," Martin explained .                                                     
The problem for Murray is that Djokovic has never lost on the last day of the tournament and he has never won .                                                   
It turns out that the financial markets are perfectly happy to back long - term investment , so long as it has the prospect of a genuine return .                                       
The problem with the Scottish game , as I have been told since I came here , is at the elite level in terms of the national teams .                                       
Meanwhile , more than half of Facebook ' s users only access the site or the app on mobile devices .                                                       
You are out in the country developing this team that you put together so you could make this run for the presidency .                                                   
In America this will be because job creation will continue at an impressive pace and there will be clear signs of a pick - up of core inflation , with wages rising alongside .                             
The Melbourne - based company , which operates in more than 50 countries , didn ' t provide any financial details on the agreements in Asia .                                           
At some point , you do shake all the bad blood out and that ' s what I think the last couple of days were about .                                           
I felt like if we didn ' t do something to change the momentum of the game that we wouldn ' t have a chance to win it .                                       
Pro - EU campaigners might be right that Britain could " fail " outside the EU , he suggested , but insisted the country would recover .                                           
Top financial concerns of the self - employed A survey of U . S . business owners finds many of them are planning to work into their retirement years because the economic climate has hurt their ability to save .                 
It is a mobile structure that offers first aid and immediate care , so that its soldiers do not die .                                                       
Meanwhile , just over half of people who had had a child said this had caused them stress , while 49 per cent of those who had changed jobs said they found it a difficult experience , as did 40 per cent who had got married .   
A property in London owned with a friend may be difficult to get your money out of when you need to .                                                     
Still , opening up all U . S . combat roles to women is a less controversial issue than how to handle the applications of those seeking asylum from Syria and Iraq .                               
We know we ' re disappointed in this year but Mike is someone we want to build around , so we thought that was important to get that done .                                     
A study in December suggested that Friday is , on average , the most expensive day of the week to book flights , with those buying on Sunday saving 13 per cent .                               
The franchise expanded in recent years to honor a broader range of shops and reflect changes in the marketing and media business .                                                   
To go out and listen to conversations and report on what they ' re hearing , they had a problem with that , and I had problem with that .                                     
For a while on Fox , it started to look like what the Republican race might have been had Trump decided not to run after all .                                           
They will vote on 27 January and if the deal is given the green light , it is set to complete by 15 February .                                               
But then one of the students went to the student government to ask for funding to turn it into a user - friendly program .                                               
The Duchess ' family , who are selling the items , said : " Our mother was very clear about how things should be organised following her death .                                         
Ten attracted 23 . 2 per cent of capital city TV ad revenue in the second half of 2015 , up from its market share of 21 . 9 per cent from January to June , according to figures from Free TV Australia .         
There was no helicopter rescue or hospital nearby and it would be a problem if we needed to get off the mountain quickly .                                                 
They play an important role and must be given the support to handle personal data as safely as paid members of staff .                                                   
" Sometimes you get there and everybody knows , other people don ' t tell a single soul ," he says .                                                     
And , as part of any such change , companies should be required to pay taxes on all the cash they ' re currently holding abroad .                                           
The review was originally due to be completed by the end of last year but was delayed due to changes in the regulatory environment , not least in the UK .                                   
This last little bit we have played pretty well together ... just playing and getting used to each other and playing together and really covering our roles .                                         
Two years ago , University College sent an email to hundreds of students with a list of the worst - performing students in the college , as well as their percentage mark and their degree subject .                       
He was wanted on suspicion of murder and attempted murder , and was also said to be part of a gang that was targeted by a major police operation .                                     
But as ads have risen , growth in its active user base has fallen and is now only 11 per cent per year .                                                 
I ' m just overcome with joy that a guy like himself , that we love and want to play for , a guy that stands for family , faith and football , got another shot .                       
One pilot and a Russian marine sent as part of a rescue party were killed in the encounter , which marked the first time a NATO country had shot down a Russian plane in half a century .                     
Police say a number of people were treated on scene , but there was no word of any serious injuries .                                                       
The government is already spending about $ 300 million and other funds have come from the United States , Canada , European states and others .                                             
The president died in a military hospital on July 24 , 2012 , with five months remaining in his first term in office .                                                 
He said 55 , 000 had crossed by sea into Greece this month , a " very small number " versus the monthly flow in 2015 .                                           
" It ' s a problem of course for the website in that they ' re trying to maintain a reputation ," he said .                                               
If you haven ' t registered by now , you may be concerned that the registration process can take 20 days .                                                     
The main railway route from Aberdeen to the South was badly affected by snow but , incredibly , stayed open .                                                       
So far , so good , but the team will need to see how he can perform on Thursday and Friday to calm any potential concerns .                                           
Young Americans know who they want to see on the presidential ballot in November : Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump .                                                       
They aren ' t allowed to surge price either , which can boost the supply of cars when and where passengers need them .                                                 
The authorities were led to the home after he had been in contact with actors and producers in hopes of creating a movie about his life , the government said .                                   
If it ' s down to the last hour then you are paying over the odds or you have the wrong player .                                                   
This month a district court accepted their case , the first time a Chinese court had agreed to hear a lawsuit on same - sex marriage .                                           
His odds for 2016 do not look good , but he surprised the political establishment with a strong performance in 2012 , and he will hope for a repeat in 2016 .                                 
They also say rebels may believe they can make more gains through force of arms than at the negotiating table .                                                       
For decades , China ' s family planning policy limited most urban couples to one child and rural couples to two if their first was a girl .                                         
" When I was governor , my wife and I went through a very public challenge as a family ," he said .                                                   
This is the problem with these European - wide bodies : they are so out of touch with the people ," he said .                                                 
When we met back up this week it was a case that we had a couple of meetings but we just wanted to get out on the training pitch and get better .                               
As this takes another ten minutes to work its magic , I was allowed to sit up and read a magazine .                                                     
I think the truth is that over the years , for many years , people who have made a contribution to the UK through politics or in other ways are recognised through these orders , and the same thing happened .               
I think by now we have a real good understanding what the [ international ] standards are and we can ' t put ourselves in those positions .                                         
All of us were sent here to do our best to make government work , not just for those at the top , but to make government work for all the people .                               
This culture will make it difficult , if not impossible , for the government to establish a tax system , as it is trying to do in an attempt to expand revenues beyond oil .                           
The challenge is ensuring we have enough volunteers and funding to achieve this while the demand is growing ," she said .                                                     
But sometimes , as Mr . Cruz ' s event shows , contact with real voters can stop them in their tracks .                                                   
So yes of course , these things do cross your mind , I ' d be lying if I said it didn ' t .                                               
" They want me at the debate , and I would like to be there ," Trump said of the crowd of people waiting at his event .                                         
But at this point , adding up Rubio ' s , Bush ' s , Chris Christie ' s and John Kasich ' s national support gets you 27 percent -- still nine points behind Donald Trump and less than half of Trump and Cruz combined .   
The board said that , subject to the interest in each seat , elections would be held in February and those appointed will hold the office for three years , from April .                               
And if there is too much TV , someone else is going to have to slow down , because we have big plans for 2016 and beyond .                                         
But when you put yourself out there you have to take the good with the bad , that is part of it .                                                   
He can get a formal job and perform such routine acts as opening his own bank account and getting his own phone .                                                   
" Of course not ," Sanders said , when asked if he had sought the President ' s support during their meeting .                                                   
And then when we had enough information and clear recommendations from our technical experts , then you have to move ahead ," he said .                                               
He said the U . N . agency plans a special session on the virus during a Geneva meeting of its executive board on Thursday .                                             
We have just got to make sure we are well prepared and if we deliver the level of performance we are capable of we will be a match for most teams .                                 
" I gather he ' s put on weight in jail - he has been eating quite well ," he said .                                                     
I used to have a house in London , but couldn ' t face 20 more years of St John ' s Wood in the rain .                                           
Perhaps most surprising , then , is that the risks we need to be alert to but regularly miss are not new .                                                   
But he decided after weeks of looking that it was cheaper to stay on the East Coast and fly out a couple of times each month .                                           
And we may not feel the direct benefit but imagine no homeless services , or reduced child protection , or even further reduction in education services or social care .                                     
So we ' ve always been focused on making sure that we can build the delegate lead that we need over the course of March .                                             
" The more heavy - handed your approach , the more negative press you ' re likely to get ," he says .                                                   
But there was relative quiet from some more conservative Republican presidential candidates who had previously called for the government to release more of the land it owns .                                         
They ' ve earned this opportunity , and we have to go take it , and I think that we played with a lot of heart tonight .                                         
Even first - time offenders are out of school for long periods - a month , two months , longer if an appeal is filed .                                             
We learned a lot last year about how we respond to incidents so we get trains running again as quickly as possible .                                                   
He ' s followed in the Republican field by Texas Sen . Ted Cruz with 23 %, down 2 % from early January , and Florida Sen . Marco Rubio comes in third with 15 %, up 3 % from early January .           
But he certainly hasn ' t lost any of his moves , as this video released by the BBC shows .                                                       
The company , which today said that trading in the final three months of 2015 was in line with its expectations , is due to report its full - year results on 14 April .                           
9 and 10 fall on a weekend in 2016 , you would have to purchase the shares no later than Jan .                                                     
He said go and show me that you want to be promoted and you want to stay in the title race and I think the boys responded very well .                                     
Foreign players want to come to England and the Premier League because of the good contract that they could sign , but they are also interested in the project .                                     
So question that you guys have got to ask is , how does it happen that Congress is so far removed from where the American people are .                                         
" Any time someone with the last name Bush gets into a national race , the first impact you feel is fundraising , and that ' s certainly the one that we felt most immediately ," Christie would later recall .               
I feel fine , it ' s great to get matches in , nice to play during the day to get used to the hot weather .                                           
" It ' s definitely becoming an issue , but there is so little research that we just don ' t know the size of the potential threat ," she told Reuters .                               
There was blood coming from his nose and face and he was saying he didn ' t know whose blood it was or where it had come from .                                       
We understand how tough it ' s going to be but ultimately when we cross the white line we as players need to come up with better performances this time .                                   
The board said that front - runner Donald Trump did not have experience of international issues or interest in learning about them .                                                   
It was all they had asked for but , in the aftermath , their manager , Peter Houston , thought it was the one thing missing .                                           
The Home Office says you could be fined a civil penalty of up to £ 3 , 000 if an illegal immigrant is found living in your property , unless you can show that you carried out the necessary checks .               
Just free us and most of all , think about his four children that you have left out here at a young age .                                                 
It ' s one of the markets where there are a lot of good football players and it ' s a market we are following .                                             
Authorities in Brazil say they have launched a campaign to protect athletes and visitors from the Zika virus during the Olympics .                                                     
But if you are always having to battle through the tough times and you never give up , you ' ll be a big , big success .                                         
" There are too many people who have invested too much time energy and money , I ' m not even thinking about that ," Carson said .                                         
If Australia ' s cities are going to keep getting bigger - and they are - they have to improve their public transport options dramatically .                                             
There ' s going to be some nights where I didn ' t have my legs or my jump shot and I started questioning it .                                             
It ' s an opportunity for players and coaches to exchange different ideas , which is so important , particularly at this stage in the side ' s development .                                     
Now he has committed to everything so much - that is the big shift - and you can see the results .                                                     
However , it is now thought that this could be delayed , leading to fears that Mr Cameron may not now be able to secure a final deal at February ' s European Council meeting .                         
Because my wife has gone to the supermarket and she ' s going to be back in about half an hour .                                                     
" When I watch President Obama say , " Global warming is our biggest problem ," it ' s just so sad to watch ," Trump said .                                           
But what makes the difference is that the global economy grew by 3 percent in 2014 while world emissions remained flat .                                                     
If they have a temporary right to rent which then runs out , you need to make a follow - up check .                                                   
The note speaks of making " the entire world look up to " North Korea and the ruling party , while giving no regard to the international outrage the nuclear test was certain to generate , including from China , the North ' s most important ally . 
The new advice from the Chief Medical Officer cuts the recommended drinking limits for men down to those of women - a highly unusual thing to do by global standards - and says that there is no safe level of alcohol at all .         
We export 40 bottles every second to 200 markets worldwide , accounting for 80 per cent of Scotland ' s food and drink export market .                                             
You can ' t carpet - bomb ISIS if you don ' t have an Air Force to do it with .                                                     
The interview has been watched more than a million times , and the messages of support on social media are almost as numerous .                                                 
" It ' s all over ," said John Miller , New York Police Department deputy commissioner for intelligence and counter - terrorism .                                                 
For them , the person who should be on trial is Chancellor Angela Merkel , who has not placed a limit on the number of refugees that Germany will accept from Syria .                               
" If Europe can ' t protect its own borders , it ' s the very idea of Europe that could be thrown into doubt ," he told the BBC .                                   
The currency , which has lost 9 percent of its value since the start of 2016 , fell as the price of oil declined to levels not seen since 2003 .                                   
Even with additional scrutiny and a new leader in place , those who follow Metro say that a change in culture will not come overnight .                                             
The figures need looked at more closely , but ultimately we need to be looking at what can be done to catch these criminals .                                               
Since 2009 , the number of officer - related fatal shootings has remained steady at three to eight a year .                                                       
Mr Corbyn said : " We have a Freedom of Information Act which is very , very important because freedom of information is essential in any democracy if you are to hold to account those that exercise authority , power or administration .             
It ' s something we ' ve been dealing with for probably six or seven weeks now , and our training staff has done a great job of just getting me out there on the field so I could play .               
These emerging trends are good news for these countries ' social and financial platforms , and for business as a whole .                                                     
At this point it seems to be a matter of how far up the yard stick the snow will fall .                                                       
Britain ' s air campaign in Syria so far is basically a non - event which can have had little , if any , impact on the balance of power on the ground .                             
Both men agreed that there should be a level playing field for companies involved in making payments , responding to the rise of new financial technology companies involved in mobile and other payments .                             
" The fact that Donald is now afraid to appear on the debate stage , that he doesn ' t want his record questioned , I think that reflects a lack of respect for the men and women of Iowa ," Cruz added .         
And next week -- just the second full one in this new year -- she ' ll have a chance to make 2016 quite a bit more interesting when it comes to her political future .                         
We are only one of 28 EU member countries and in a whole host of areas we are effectively operating in a minority .                                                 
The bank would instead retain a " fixed " special majority that are two - thirds of the number of members and equal to 75 percent of the voting power .                                   
I will be campaigning for Scotland and indeed for the UK to remain in the EU , but I think the decision that is taken should be informed and should a proper debate .                             
While any new investment is welcome ... the Prime Minister has simply not lived up to his promises of major funding for the area .                                               
The collective spirit in the team in the last three games has been a lot better than it was a few weeks ago and today we defended well and passed the ball well , but in the last third we find it difficult to score goals .   
The sister of the murder victim said of the five Supreme Court judges who made the decision : " I hope they can sleep at night .                                             
They threw everything at us in the first half and they were only two points up at half - time yet we had hardly won a line - out or any possession or territory .                           
Before the 2014 season , the Lions had 10 or more wins just once in the previous 18 seasons , including a 0 - 16 mark in the 2011 season .                                   
I sit here and reflect on some of the meetings he and I had throughout the course of these last 10 weeks and some of the conversations we had .                                     
But I don ' t think he knew wasn ' t well , because the doctors said that before his operation he talked about the children to them .                                       
A draft of new sanctions was sent to China about 10 days ago , but by the time Mr . Kerry arrived in Beijing , China had not responded in substance , American officials said .                         
I ' m content with where we are right now , we are in a really good position ," he said .                                                     
That is a net increase of 1 . 3 million jobs , and Florida ranked just behind California ( 1 . 45 million jobs ) in that overall count of net jobs .                               
We will have strong rules , but there will be some fashion statements , and it ' s a great start .                                                     
In her speech on the Senate floor earlier this week , she said : " The first votes will be cast in Iowa in just 11 days .                                           
Why talk now about something that is not needed - is he trying to say the Bank can do a lot about where we could find ourselves ?                                         
To that extent , car and technology companies worldwide are investing billions of dollars in advanced electronic safety systems such as blind - side monitoring and vehicle - to - vehicle and vehicle - to - infrastructure communications .                   
Bush continued to praise his family , but was careful to separate himself from his brother ' s 2000 presidential run and presidency as a whole .                                           
A play area / family room near the kitchen is a must , as is a ' child - free zone " in the form of a living room where you can escape .                             
The votes on the hotel - tax bill and for Maryland Hall passed 90 - 51 , with little debate .                                                       
But now I look at him and he ' s done so well for himself to give me and our family the life we have .                                             
It may not fit in exactly with what you desire but maybe they can see your situation better than you can see it yourself .                                               
The report ' s figures show that there is a small but significant increased risk of breast cancer for women who drink .                                                   
During general meetings of the leading [ European ] companies , even if they did examine investing in Israeli companies , it will be off the agenda immediately because of the impact of B . D . S .                   
" The thing is though , when you ' ve got something where you don ' t think you ' re making good progress you all should sit down and talk about it ," he said .                       
New figures from the Royal College of Emergency Medicine suggest that last week just 86 per cent of patients were being seen in four hours - far below the national target of 95 per cent .                         
Still , a senior Iranian oil official said the country could moderate oil output and exports once Western sanctions are lifted to avoid putting prices under further pressure .                                       
Three quarters of all injuries that required emergency treatment were linked to four sports : football , soccer , baseball and basketball - although the proportion tied to baseball and basketball dropped over the study period .                       
" I would just say this : The trip to L . A . is going to be a difficult trip for anybody in our conference ," Miller said .                                     
In some situations , we ' ll even give up something good because it ' s more than someone else is getting .                                                   
I ' m hopefully going to play in the next five events and and am hoping for a big year .                                                       
For President Obama ' s last State of the Union address , some of the featured guests will say as much about the promise he offered to voters nearly a decade ago as what he ' s done while in office .             
And Labour is still paying an electoral price for the impression that it opened the door to record levels of immigration from the Commonwealth in its first two terms of office .                                 
And there ' s no question that we had a great debate night , but it ' s very hard to compete with the greatest show on earth and the greatest ground game in Iowa history .                       
Tuesday will be President Obama ' s final State of the Union speech and he is expected to use it more to defend his legacy than to detail a list of policy goals for his remaining months in office .                 
We have shown where a fund is included for its low charges and where it seeks to provide a return that can ' t be found elsewhere .                                         
I ' m much more worried in 10 years " time about China , or Brazil or Turkey than I am about Britain .                                                 
" If Hillary Clinton is elected president of the United States , the consequences will be extraordinary ," Rubio said .                                                       
This is especially true among gun owners , 75 % of which say they didn ' t think the changes would be effective .                                                 
It would be a permanent solution and it would limit the rights and access of people who came to Britain from the EU to work .                                             
But the rest of it is you have to teach it to yourself and learn it , get it right ," the 34 - year - old said .                                       
We ' ll see on Monday if that is good enough to turn Trump ' s poll lead into a win .                                                     
" Today ' s announcement is another positive step toward our shared goal of stopping illegal online gun sales once and for all ," he said .                                           
Instead , they are a recognition that conservative critics of recent GOP policy have a point - and that we should listen to them instead of calling them names .                                     
She said the District National Guard had reported for duty and would be deployed to transport personnel around the city as needed .                                                   
" China had a particular approach that it wanted to make , and we agreed and respected to give them space to be able to implement that ," Kerry said .                                   
The test has again raised questions among world powers about what can be done to stop the North ' s nuclear weapons program .                                                 
They should not be where they are in the table , but I think they have still got enough quality there and the crowd will pull them over the line .                                   
The 20 - year - old , who cost United £ 200 , 000 after moving from Rangers 18 months ago , has only made eight appearances this term .                                     
" If I ' m elected , I would be very strong in putting certain judges on the bench that I think maybe could change things ," Trump said on Fox of the same - sex marriage decision .                   
She continued : " The inspiration came slowly when I was fed up with my life and decided I was the only who could change it .                                             
" I don ' t mind having a big , beautiful door in that wall so that people can come into this country legally ," he said .                                         
The Kremlin launched its air strikes saying it wanted to help Assad , its main Middle East ally , defeat Islamic State and other militant groups .                                           
He then joined a Commonwealth farmers " marketing organisation and subsequently became its chief executive officer , a position he held for 18 years .                                               
She said that those looking into the issue and have yet to come up with any evidence that she broke the law .                                                   
It was around $ 6 higher than the 12 - year low set earlier in January , but still down around 11 percent so far this month .                                         
Under the deal announced Monday , Johnson Control ' s shareholders would own just 56 percent of the combined company .                                                       
The largest cities are home to nearly a quarter of the global population and generate around half of global GDP , the report said .                                               
" Let ' s hope that the other EU countries and institutions will show the same sense of responsibility by then ," the prime minister ' s office said .                                     
So it is in Argentina , with an official rate and a " blue rate " to change U . S . dollars .                                                 
I have always believed that if you are to protect your economy from unfair competition from abroad , you should do so on a national basis .                                           
But some of those affected said they were now deeply worried about the risks , especially for those inside China .                                                       
" She did go out at some stage , we are trying to work out whether she had the ring when she went out ," the spokesman said .                                       
" I have this one term for the kind of woman that my mother raised me not to be ," the voice said .                                                 
Carolina ( 17 - 1 ) will meet the Denver Broncos ( 14 - 4 ) in Super Bowl 50 on Feb .                                                   
Ten years ago coal produced 50 percent of the nation ' s power supply but now accounts for only about 35 percent , according to the U . S . Energy and Information Administration .                           
The van that ran over her didn ' t stop , and a second van that also hit the child didn ' t stop either .                                             
The company also reported steady , if not spectacular user growth - it now has 1 . 59 billion total monthly active users , up 14 percent from the same time in 2014 .                             
It would be unfair to suggest that nothing is being done by the Scottish Government to address outstanding issues , with the Justice Board having helped improve joint working between key national bodies and management of the system .                   
The Met Office has issued a fresh yellow " be aware " severe weather alert , and two severe flood warnings remained in force last night .                                           
But again , these are generally very small numbers , and we point this out mostly because it is fun to do so .                                                 
Also being watched closely is the labor force participation rate , or the share of working - age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job .                                     
The pound is at an 11 - month low against the euro , and a five - and - a - half - year low against the US dollar .                                     
Still , a senior Iranian oil official said the country could moderate oil export increases once the sanctions are lifted to avoid putting prices under further pressure .                                         
The figures released by the campaign will be included in a more detailed report due to the Federal Election Commission by Jan .                                                   
Will Congress really take on the E . U . and , in effect , the Obama Administration , in all of these matters ?                                               
One , who did not want to be named , told last night how she had seen officers speaking to Mr Simpson - Kent .                                               
Google said the UK tax authority had challenged the company ' s low tax returns for the years since 2005 and had now agreed to settle the probe in return for a payment of 130 million pounds .                     
It ' s easy enough to say you ' re against nuclear war , but what are you going to do about it ?                                                 
There Rubio has a 12 percent Twitter advantage over his Texas rival , and he is over - performing , based on his national Twitter numbers against Cruz , by 28 percentage points in the state .                       
Our key exports - like the car industry , which reported record overseas sales last year - are not very price sensitive .                                                   
" I ' ll be spending a minimum of $ 2 - million a week ... on big ads in Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina ," he said this week .                               
" We have enjoyed a record Christmas trading period including our best ever December and Christmas week ," he said .                                                       
Like the rest of Europe , Sweden has been struggling with the continent ' s biggest migration crisis since the Second World War .                                                 
He added : " I don ' t think it went down too well with all these people around the world .                                                       
The 66 - year - old former model had previously spoken about her ex - husband several times after entering the house and accused him of turning their son against her .                                 
I bought my house in Italy because it was lovely and a fantastic place to go , and hopefully I can eventually pass it on to my own family .                                     
" First , we ' ve been given the resources we needed to put together a good organization here ," he said .                                                   
Australia is probably sick of the sight of Andy Murray as he lines up another shot at one of the country ' s star players .                                             
She will leave the Civil Service after a 36 - year career in local and central Government and is understood to be keen to take a career break before taking up another job .                             
And yet - you had to guess there was a yet - there are still real concerns with the economy , in the short and long term .                                         
Earlier , the Paris prosecutor ' s anti - terrorism unit said it had opened an investigation into Thursday ' s attempted attack .                                                 
Wisconsin lost four Big Ten games by an average of 3 . 8 points and played seven games decided by three points or less .                                               
The original guidelines , issued in 1995 , recommended a maximum of 21 units for men and 14 units for women per week .                                                 
It gave me a reason to venture into the older Indian Business community , which is , in a way , the community that has built the city up .                                     
If young students are learning about the color red , for example , a parent can have them point out red objects at home or in their neighborhood .                                       
Now she has revealed just what it was like being one of the top female players in a man ' s game .                                                   
It was black women and other women of color who were responsible for Obama winning the female vote in 2008 and 2012 ; most white women ( and white men ) voted for the Republican presidential nominee in each of those years .           
After the attack on Tuesday , the German Foreign Office issued a statement warning tourists to stay away from public spaces .                                                     
He is one of the rising stars in Scottish football and I have absolutely no doubt that he will do well and go on to have a fine career at Celtic .                                 
He supported moves to investigate Mr Obama ' s birth in Hawaii and repeatedly suggested the president was foreign - born .                                                     
The acts took place in 2014 and 2015 and involved troops from Georgia and another European country , the girls told investigators .                                                   
The strong financial start to 2016 is partly due to low interest rates , the bank ' s general manager of retail banking Ross Miller said .                                           
But given that most assets are currently expensive , it ' s not clear where investors will move their money if they start selling bonds .                                             
" As a patient , all you need to do is go to the doctor and show your insurance card ," the plan says .                                               
If we didn ' t get to her when we did , she would have been in far more trouble than she was .                                                 
We ' re obviously aware it ' s been a long time since we ' ve won there but there ' s a lot of things we can do that will change history and statistics .                         
If we vote to leave , we will be able to pass rules that fit our vast financial markets and properly protect UK taxpayers .                                               
A . The talks , if and when they start , were originally aimed at getting representatives of the Syrian government and the opposition to discuss a broad national cease - fire and negotiate a political transition , ending with elections .             
" It ' s important that we have acted within the letter of the law , so to speak ," said the Rangers manager .                                               
" This is just the best place on Earth right now ," he said on the first day of the trip in November .                                                 
I was in Brussels a long time ago - 20 years ago - so beautiful , everything ' s so beautiful ," he said on Fox News .                                         
But after going on holiday with her boyfriend she contacted him to say that what had happened was " rape " and requested that they have no further contact .                                     
" There has been some damage to the hotel ' s glass windows , as well as damage to a tourist bus " in front of the building , they said in a statement .                           
I ' m always going to be aggressive , look for those spot - up shots , and if I have them , I ' ll live and die with it .                                 
Obama ' s victory could be short - lived because the next president , set to be elected in November , would have the final say on whether to keep the program in place .                           
In Toronto in 2014 , there were only 24 incidents when Toronto police fired their weapons - and 20 of those involved shooting an injured animal .                                           
However we want to understand the reason why there has been a rise in the use of temporary accommodation for households with children , and I have written to local authorities on this basis .                           
He said a far - right group had organized a rally in the town on Saturday to call for refugees not to be let into the country , and only 30 people had turned up , some of them from other towns .           
Some people seem to believe they can let you down at the last possible moment and get away with it .                                                       
If we all do our part to better the lives of those in our communities the world will be a better place for everyone !                                               
" It ' s important that you ' re getting good advice ," especially if a person has a complicated medical history .                                                   
" You can also count on me to stand my ground especially when it comes to those powerful interests that are holding back American families ," Clinton said .                                       
I ' ve just been the person to build the foundation and start the journey and put them on the right path , and then it ' s up to the collective body to ensure the work continues .                   
You ' re just nervous with a new coach because you don ' t know where you fit into how they want to play , and what they think about you .                                 
" The numbers need to be reduced further and must not rise again , especially not in the spring ," Mrs Merkel told a party meeting .                                           
But clearly there are also some who haven ' t understood what kind of opportunity they ' ve been given .                                                       
A Department for Education spokesman said : " We are aware of the ongoing incident , police are looking into it and we are monitoring the situation .                                           
Williams has won 90 percent of their matches and is riding a 17 - match winning streak against the Russian dating back to 2004 .                                               
Donald Trump has repeatedly said he ' ll run for president , and we can explain how and why that happened .                                                     
I am deeply concerned that it would damage my business and thousands of others if we pulled out of the single market .                                                   
These three women are what made me love fashion yesterday , make me love fashion today , and are going to make me love fashion in the future .                                       
In fact , Mr Obama never faced off against Mr Bush , who left office after a maximum two terms in 2009 .                                                   
What we should be seeing , he suggests , are links between all of these events and the larger structures that contributed to them .                                               
But like in Paris , an industrial source said no major contracts were expected to be signed during the visit .                                                       
Meanwhile US health officials said on Thursday that 31 Americans had been diagnosed with the virus in the last year , at least five of them in New York .                                     
The pair have scored 22 goals between them this season , which is nearly as many as the entire United squad put together .                                                 
" These are not only recommendations that are well within my legal authority and the executive branch , but they ' re also ones that the overwhelming majority of the American people , including gun owners , support ," he said .             
Most of the linked regular savings accounts only allow customers to pay in a maximum monthly amount of £ 250 to £ 500 , and the high interest is only for the first 12 months .                         
" I was there and I saw the debate ," Paul said , and he had heard Cruz say that he was for the bill .                                             
What ' s important in your hands is to kind of stay committed , be responsible towards yourself , towards the sport if you ' re a top player .                                     
To understand the scale of such a decision , let ' s consider the number of characters that fit into an average word .                                                 
He died six months later so maybe he ' d been hanging on in the hope of seeing me in a Scotland shirt .                                                 
Right now , he ' s a very good player who can help us and that ' s the only way we ' re looking at it .                                         
It was a really strange injury and I was told it can happen in only one out of 2 , 000 cases .                                                   
It is hard , especially not seeing our families , but we knew it was going to be tough ," she said .                                                   
Sanders , of course , would first have to get past Hillary Clinton in the contest for the Democratic nomination before such a race could take shape .                                         
" Obama came from behind , he was kind of unknown , and I ' d like to see Bernie do the same ," Davis said .                                           
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a presidential run as an independent candidate , according to a new report .                                                   
Indeed , the candidates who often tend to do the worst are those who can ' t figure out who they are and who run one day as a conservative and one day as a moderate and end up getting the support of neither .       
What I can say about here is very positive , great country , great people , the food is much better than everybody said .                                               
We wanted to give Atlantic City a five - year opportunity to have some of these problems work out on their own .                                                   
NASA says they now have a safety - first culture with processes in place to better field and address safety concerns .                                                     
He has been involved but he hasn ' t played yet so it would be good if we could get him into that .                                                 
The flow of cross - border labour under the program is expected to increase , should Canada follow through with two proposed free - trade deals .                                           
It won ' t be a surprise to me if child care doesn ' t move ahead by the time of the federal budget .                                               
If anyone was going to have a grass - roots field effort , you had to figure it would be Sanders .                                                     
But he said last week that the relief would benefit 1 million residents - a sixth of the state ' s population - and 300 , 000 small - business owners .                                 
Earlier in the day , the S & P 500 was up as much as 1 . 64 percent before losing most of that gain .                                             
Many people believed their bodies were good at telling them when to start and stop eating , but he wasn ' t so sure .                                               
Apple and Google are both making big moves to crack the car industry , including investing in self - driving technology .                                                     
But even in primaries , there is no reason to expect that negative campaigning is more effective than positive advertising .                                                       
He has shot at least 50 percent from behind the 3 - point line in each of his last seven games and in 12 of his last 13 .                                       
This comment by Hillary Clinton , made during a hearing on May 8 , 2013 , is frequently taken out of context .                                                   
He probably could have played Sunday , but this is one of the decisions I had to make going forward .                                                       
" I think all of us are smart enough to know that winning 49 of your last 50 games is a pretty good job ," Arizona coach Sean Miller said .                                   
In most cases , a person buying a gun is required to have a federal background check completed , and in 2015 , the FBI conducted 23 . 1 million such checks .                               
They agreed to come to Geneva to further discuss the matter with U . N . officials , but still have not agreed to participate in the talks .                                       
A . Most of the people I spoke with were of the generation who remembered 2 / 28 or who had lost family members .                                               
Christie ' s campaign pointed to a speech he gave in May 2015 , about a month and a half before announcing his run for the presidency .                                         
Scottish Parliament officials confirmed that they would now press ahead with legal action to remove the campaigners from the site .                                                       
The budget includes 2 to 4 percent pay raises for state government employees , depending upon their years of service .                                                       
They work for 10 hours or more a day , with a lunch hour and a couple of brief 10 - minute breaks , standing on an assembly line and performing the same task over and over .                     
Mr Cameron said he could not be " certain " a deal would be reached with the 27 other EU leaders and said no deal would be done if his concerns were not addressed .                           
Will is one of the few multi - million dollar actors that is of colour , he is one of the few ," she said in the radio interview .                                     
They warned the Zika outbreak , which started in Brazil could spread throughout north , south and Central America as well as Europe and Asia .                                             
Trump has come under fire for remarks made about Muslims during the campaign , in particular his December demand that members of the religious group be banned from entering the United States .                               
And I have many female executives and many of them are making actually more than the men for the same job .                                                     
" They ' ll be watched very closely and will give a guide to Christmas spending ," Dr Oliver said .                                                       
I had a few directors who suggested to me that it would be a good idea to sex up my look .                                                     
According to estimates , there are 20 , 000 Uber drivers in London alone - a number that has been eating away at the taxi - driving work force in the city .                               
The forecast first half sales of $ 1 . 6 million to $ 1 . 7 million is below the $ 2 . 9 million recorded last year , which also includes a one off US government research order .                 
I was particularly pleased to see overall customer numbers increase 5 . 8 per cent against the same period last year .                                                     
Reporter : " With the girls , and the [ twin ] boys , too , do you feel there ' s anything they ' re missing in a stable at - home environment ?                             
The third quarter led to Utah ' s fourth win in 12 games and only its second victory in 12 road games .                                                   
A women of that size costs more to look after in pregnancy as it at a higher risk of C - section .                                                   
The officer cleared the snow from the man ' s car and let him on his way , AP reports .                                                       
It ' s nothing new , and we have confidence in him , and obviously he has the confidence in himself to make the plays because he ' s done it so many times .                           
You go back a few years and to play in the Premier League you had to be the best players in the country .                                                 
A Syrian man was also attacked by five people on Sunday but he did not need treatment for his injuries .                                                       
" She is a lovely little cat , and I ' m sure there is someone out there who would want to have her ," he added .                                         
5 ( UPI ) -- The Department of Health and Human Services announced a pilot program to link up to 44 bridge organizations to screen people for health - related social needs and link them with local community programs that can help .             
There are a further 71 cases in which Police Scotland consider they have the " power to tell " a member of the public that his or her partner has a domestic violence record .                           
Little did Murphy know then how right he was in his vision of his party -- or how much it would impact the 2016 presidential race , and him personally .                                   
You will most likely want this party to occur in the evening , so people will probably already have had dinner .                                                     
By working together like we have in 2015 we can make sure of that and continue to show Scotland leading the way to a more sustainable world .                                         
He is determined to play as well as he can here at Leicester and hopefully get a shot somewhere down the line .                                                   
" At what cost is more education the solution if it takes $ 60 , 000 to get there ," he told UPI .                                                 
At the end of the day , it is just a sport and that ' s what you always have to remember .                                                   
And it ' s far too easy for companies to treat criminal fines as just the cost of doing business .                                                       
It was all presented as evidence at the jury trial , and the documentary people don ' t tell you that .                                                     
Anderson said she sees a district with all the ingredients it needs to improve , including a stable school board and a community that ' s committed to public education , as proven by its recent vote in favor of a bond measure for schools .     
We have not made a specific request of assistance yet , but we are in dialogue with the Federal Emergency Management Agency , and talking to them about how we can best work together .                           
The value of any one endorsement is often hard to determine , given the number of factors that go into a political campaign , of course .                                           
I had a few days off after the first four games and the plan was for me to have a game here and there to be on the bench .                                     
From the sound of it , nothing short of Kelly ' s removal or a $ 5 million payment would have gotten Trump on that stage .                                           
I can only make sure of one thing , that the guy who comes after me finds the club in a very strong position with very good players in a very good , strong financial situation .                       
Iranian leaders have long said that they knew nothing about the missing American , and United States officials have said that he may no longer be in Iran - or even still alive .                             
It ' s been a not - bad week , because we haven ' t been beaten but here I thought we showed signs of quality at times and not so much at others .                           
" We have made agreements , but it ' s very important right now that those who make the agreements and those who do the work build the trust to make sure there ' s a real time exchange of information ," he said .       
To take his journey through the city I was looking for answers not just about what is there now , but how it grew .                                               
I am happy about my results and , after all , I lost against a top - 10 player , so she was very tough and I think still the whole tournament was great and gives me a lot of confidence .             
It ' s disappointing for someone to go on there and speak about things that he doesn ' t know about .                                                     
But , no , I said , pointing out I always gave as good as I got , which only seemed me to make me fit in more .                                       
He initially said there were representatives from two companies , but later said he had been given more information , and the number rose to three .                                           
That would have cut significantly the G Fund yield , and thus the government ' s cost in interest paid .                                                       
If that really was thanks to their background reading , well , it clearly didn ' t do us any harm .                                                     
But the first four times Davis touched the ball in the second half , he attacked the double - team with quick passes from the left post .                                         
So far , neither plan is believed to have the needed support of 24 of the 32 votes from NFL owners , but consensus has formed around the need to make a decision .                             
In September , the country ' s Supreme Court banned the only registered Islamist political party that was officially recognised .                                                       
Even though I came second on the ballot for votes , I don ' t get to represent the city at Metro .                                                   
The score was still 1 - 0 with 24 minutes remaining when the house fell in on the struggling hosts .                                                       
11 , 2001 , when someone knocked on the door and told us a plane had crashed into the World Trade Center ," he says .                                             
Even if it does not come to that , it makes the task of bringing an end to the war in Syria even harder .                                               
The door is closed for players who don ' t have the right attitude because you cannot play only on talent .                                                     
And I think he might very well get in the race and I would love to have him get in the race ," Trump said .                                             
But I have never had a day off sick in my entire life , and it ' s the same with him ," she said .                                             
" I don ' t think I look much like him ," Smith said , " But that ' s who people really seem to think I am .                                         
Asked if Scotland could win the tournament , he said : " There is a belief in the squad and that is every team ' s aim .                                           
And yet I have to be fair and say there is another way to spin the story if you look closely at the data .                                               
The win was the perfect way to kick off a difficult six - game road trip for the Panthers that will take them to the West Coast and back before returning home .                               
In 2009 , it cut the number of Senate confirmed positions and provided office space and equipment for presidential and vice - presidential candidates before the general election .                                       
Arsenal and Tottenham are also interested in the 30 - year - old , who featured for Argentina at the 2014 World Cup .                                                 
But the fact is we were in a partnership on court long before we were in one off court , so we ' re well used to it .                                       
Some Chinese news organizations have reported on the case , including the English - language edition of Global Times , a prominent state - run publication .                                           
Angela Merkel ' s government is facing damaging allegations of a police cover - up over the series of attacks , with claims that most of those responsible were asylum seekers who arrived under her " open - door " refugee policy .           
Twitter ' s most prominent users are getting an ad - free experience as part of their " premium " status .                                                     
" I was like the first European point guard to make it ," San Antonio ' s Parker told reporters earlier this month .                                                 
With our comprehensive network infrastructure , marketing resources and R & D capacity , we are confident that we will continue to maintain our leading market position in all our major businesses and boost growth momentum in 2016 .                   
We are a really good team on the field and you guys can keep waiting , we will try to keep winning .                                                   
But first he was busy celebrating his own incredible achievement , and the support of the friends who made it possible .                                                     
Now he wanted to do the same thing in Florida , one of the country ' s most diverse states .                                                       
The media company plans to launch additional shows with a growing roster of popular radio experts in health , finance , politics and more .                                               
That was a very good team , with some great local players , but I don ' t think it was as good as this .                                             
After state taxes , that pot would be reduced to about $ 350 million - though it could be more or less , depending on the state .                                         
He said Paris would begin preparing in the " coming weeks " an international conference bringing together the parties and their main partners , American , European and Arab .                                     
The stars that rule YouTube will have a chance this week to ask some questions of the man who rules the free world .                                                 
We chose not to speak on the phone because we wanted to hear each other ' s voice for the first time when we were looking at one another .                                     
At the end of 2014 he became a father and since then he has lost just six matches , and last year he had the most successful season of his life .                                 
We ' re certainly going to have our work cut out in the return match - but we ' re more than up for the challenge ," said the centre .                                   
Here ' s the funny thing about dates , though : there are only up to 31 days in a month , and 12 months in a year .                                       
" We ' re thinking about the long - term future and he ' s got an issue he ' s dealing with ," Fisher said .                                           
The 54 - year - old was leaving with immediate effect and would take up a post with a club in Europe , Rugby Canada said .                                           
In some spots , the gap between ISIS and the Kurdish regional government is measured in kilometres ; in others , metres .                                                   
30 ( UPI ) -- The White House announced plans for President Barack Obama to visit the Islamic Society of Baltimore on Wednesday .                                                   
Before households risk their health and comfort , they should first make sure they ' re not paying a cent more for power than they should .                                           
After 18 months working with John , I can say he is one of the best academy managers that I have met .                                                   
The controversy prompted the Academy to change its membership rules with the intent to double the number of women and people of color in its ranks by 2020 .                                       
The plan is per individual , meaning couples saving for a home together would get £ 6 , 000 from a Scottish Labour government after three years , in addition to the UK government top - up .                     
Trump noted that he and Bloomberg had differences on the issues of gun control and abortion and that he would love to run against him .                                             
The reality star was diagnosed with diabetes after being rushed to the hospital in December , but is reportedly dedicated to improving his health .                                               
Over the past year a lot of spending has gone into services and experiences , and that looks to have continued into year end .                                               
We are proud to be a part of this industry and are especially excited this year with our expanded range and offering .                                                   
A short while later she came out in tears and told me that she had become stuck to the seat .                                                       
And unlike other birds , which close their eyes during the last moment of their strike , the secretary bird keeps its eyes open throughout the kick .                                         
Even if it means that there won ' t be any revenue from the operation for a few years , it would still be enough to give Ms . Clark a needed win ahead of her scheduled date with voters in 16 months " time .     
We ' d like to add if we think the right person is available and we can bring them to the club , but if it ' s a case of having to wait we ' ll do that .                 
The deadline to apply for media access to Kennedy is 5 p . m . on March 1 for U . S . citizens and Feb .                                           
If you do receive a request to change the firm ' s bank account details part way through the process , double check the information .                                             
When you get down ( five ), you ' ve just got to close the gap and make plays to get it even and that ' s what we did .                                   
The United Nations , the United States and the Organization of American States have said they support holding the final round this month so a transfer of power to a new leader can take place by the Feb .                   
We strongly encourage users to report offences and seek support if they become a victim of any type of crime .                                                       
I ' m not saying I ' m responsible , but I was there in the beginning , and it was important to me that I express myself in my own voice .                               
" There are clearly a number of challenges we are facing with the budget and this is one of those challenges and it ' s a challenge that of course we will meet ," he said .                       
Unlike mine , which isn ' t really there until drink is taken and then is strong , especially when strong views are expressed .                                               
" The model itself is amazing , it ' s so much bigger than I thought it would be when I started building it ," he says .                                         
In another situation , the obvious reaction would be to cut off diplomatic ties , yet Cameron cannot do that .                                                       
There are people my own age who do similar jobs as myself ... that are in jail for seven years .                                                       
" When you ' re playing someone like that ... you have to come out with a lot of fire and intensity ," Williams added .                                             
After refusing for months to participate in more debates , Secretary Clinton requested that the Democratic National Committee rules be changed and that a new debate take place in New Hampshire next week .                             
" Her appointment marked a very significant turning point in our nation ' s response to family , domestic violence , violence against women and children ," he said .                                     
A state of emergency was declared in Tennessee , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , the District of Columbia and parts of other states , and road crews were out in force .                   
If you go to a reception centre , nothing will be demanded of you , everyone can go there and stay until winter ends .                                               
She taught at Our Lady and St Anne ' s , eventually becoming a head teacher , and St Paul ' s and then became head teacher of Our Lady and St Anne ' s .                         
We do not just serve each other in shops and restaurants , we produce services which attract customers from all around the world .                                                 
You don ' t mind if they are outstanding and score three but you will not find an explanation in the dressing room why we are knocked out .                                       
He got on his one knee as I pulled the ring out and he said , ' I want to spend the rest of my life with you .                                         
Our message is that if you ' re out and about on Australia Day then it ' s best to leave your dog safely inside with plenty of water , where they can ' t escape or hurt themselves ,"" he said .           
The defence contract provides steady revenues , but the real opportunity comes from one - off orders from customers in the Middle East who pay a premium .                                         
Clinton has been making the case that her time as secretary of state and a senator from New York , make her more experienced .                                               
Any promises you make will be challenged if others think you don ' t have what it takes to deliver - so make sure that you do .                                         
My concern is because if that is the case it would leave barely four months - including the period of the Scottish election for the public to fully engage in and for the arguments about EU membership to be heard fully .             
To properly track your currency capital gains , you ' ll need to factor in any interest paid on your money .                                                     
In the last 30 years of reforms and opening up , China ' s gross domestic product has posted annual growth of around 10 percent .                                             
Others may find you a bit too serious but there will be a time for fun and games later on .                                                       
In Indiana , prosecutors can now file rape charges after the state ' s five - year deadline if new evidence is discovered .                                                 
30 , about 70 percent hit rebels opposed to President Bashar al - Assad , rather than supporting the efforts of the U . S - led coalition , the official told reporters in Brussels .                         
As a result , the district attorney said in a news release , her office would not file charges against the officers .                                                   
Many Americans , especially low - income and minority families , have little or no access to the financial system .                                                       
With oil prices close to $ 30 a barrel now , this latest labor market improvement doesn ' t necessarily guarantee a March rate hike .                                             
We get to return back home and play in front of our home crowd -- fans that have been in support of us all year long .                                           
If he met up with a group of friends and someone had on the same shirt , Davis went home and changed .                                                   
I need to be careful not to expect too much , though my goals are high and we ' ll just have to wait and see what happens .                                       
It was September , late in the season , but the wind had always kept an escape channel open that time of year .                                                 
But buyers are facing a difficult search and will need to look to new quarters for the next act or their first break .                                                 
No Howard County public school student should engage in this type of conduct , nor do they need to be exposed to it .                                                 
We had to go on a run and get some results which could connect us with the public and the media .                                                     
The board of directors would like to thank Gary for his time with the club and wish him every success in the future .                                                 
It wouldn ' t make a difference to me whether I knew that a yellow card would keep me out of the final or if I didn ' t .                                     
The unions say this is only fair because they are required to negotiate on behalf of all workers , not just their own members .                                               
But it ' s a final , everything can happen and Andy is a big fighter , I think he will go out there and play well and find a strategy to try to make it a good match .                 
The percentage of registered voters who say they ' ve given this year ' s election " a lot " of thought is 56 percent , higher than the 50 percent who said the same in early 2008 .                   
I didn ' t realise I had a stroke for the first couple of days because I didn ' t think it would happen to me .                                           
If we do an 80 - minute performance that we ' re proud of , and what we ' re capable of , I think we can definitely get the win .                                 
The Democratic Party front - runner has spent about $ 14 million on TV ads since the beginning of August .                                                       
There ' s no way we were going to go until the end of the season without losing a game .                                                       
The run - up to the U . S . presidential election is like a " reality TV show " but will boost business , according to the boss of one of the world ' s leading advertising companies .                 
Also put aside , for a moment , the fact that donations from the event would actually go to Trump ' s foundation rather than directly to other charities .                                     
I think it is fair to say that they came out of the World Cup the best of the home nations in terms of the confidence they took from it , and the very obvious improvement they showed during the tournament .             
" He told me he didn ' t want these kids thinking they have to go somewhere else to be successful ," Carson recalled in the book .                                         
" It ' s racist to white people ," she told the Europe 1 radio network Friday , according to The Hollywood Reporter .                                                 
" We are going to have that funding available to you by the end of next week ," he noted .                                                       
It may be the kind of thing that means nothing to you but stop , think and , if necessary , say sorry .                                                 
We feel like we play our best tennis in a situation when we are playing in front of packed house like a Davis Cup match and that ' s what it felt like today , it was a lot of fun .             
So if you are under 50 - I am not - there is a good chance that you will live for a very long time yet .                                           
He also said having the opportunity to eventually manage outside money " does not necessarily mean " he will do so .                                                     
The report came as U . N . Security Council members discuss fresh sanctions against the North after it conducted its fourth nuclear test on Jan .                                           
The Clinton campaign also says that it has raised $ 18 million for the Democratic National Committee and for state Democratic parties across the country .                                             
This is a highly significant event with major economic impact and another chance to put soil ' s fundamental role in the spotlight .                                                 
" It ' s great to be back in a league I know surrounded by people I know ," he said .                                                     
The court heard that she told them she did not want to spend her life savings on care , when other people got it for free .                                           
Mr Bailey has a reputation as a tough regulator and has spent recent years forcing Britain ' s biggest banks to hold more capital .                                               
But when it came down to it , he let five of his own guys get killed trying to protect him , then he gave himself up without a fight .                                   
It ' s odd because no - one has been talking about it in the dressing room , probably because our recent results haven ' t been all that great .                                   
" I think this is a great opportunity to reach a worldwide audience and talk about this issue ," Gray said .                                                     
At least 10 senior managers received rises of at least £ 20 , 000 , according to the analysis by the Telegraph .                                                   
Pittsburgh was the only opponent to score more than 24 points at the expense of Denver ' s top - ranked defense .                                                   
I hurt my left leg in the opening round , it got worse in the second and today it was just not me on the court .                                           
The tour , announced on Tuesday , will begin in San Francisco in March 2017 , according to the New York Times .                                                   
In a referendum , we count on every voter making an informed , well thought out decision prior to voting .                                                       
He told them that Internet - based businesses can reach anywhere in the world and that the Arab - world is a rich source of business .                                           
Michael Bloomberg and Donald Trump in 2003 , during Bloomberg ' s first term as the mayor of New York City .                                                     
Food and drink should continue to be a top economic priority in Scotland - much has been done over the past few years , but there is much more that can and should be done .                         
But the device , which allows users to access e - mail messages on its eye - level screen and to record video with a tiny camera , quickly ran into problems .                               
With a wide range of business interest , this is certainly not the first time Carter has found himself named in a lawsuit .                                                 
She notes , too , that contract workers , business owners and those who are self - employed should consider having at least six months of net income on hand .                                   
There were 26 . 8 inches in Central Park , slightly missing the record set in 2006 , when 26 . 9 inches fell on that part of the city .                                   
If there is one market which might register a significant impact from referendum uncertainty it is probably the foreign exchange market .                                                     
We need to take the danger seriously , but we can ' t let them change the way we live here in Germany .                                                 
The key reason for a lack of new supply is a government failure : the UK ' s tight land use planning laws .                                                 
While it would be great for such a standard to spread across the country , he said it ' s particularly important in court where there could be the potential for evidence being thrown out .                         
Each child was left alone in the room and told if they waited for 15 minutes before eating the treat , they would be given a second treat .                                       
I think it ' s very surprising that they don ' t understand that we ' re here for the children ' s safety .                                               
I wish he could stay with us in Chicago , but everyone has a journey and this is the next part of his .                                                 
The move comes after a judge last week accused a city attorney of hiding evidence in a lawsuit over a fatal police shooting .                                                 
" We think it ' s O . K . to live in China , but we wish they would treat us like they did before ," she said .                                     
Like some soccer player , I don ' t know how to say it in English , but they jump and they do it .                                               
At 16 , Ryan discovered his 55 - year - old father at home in bed , dead of a heart attack .                                                   
With all due respect to Hamilton , I thought we should have had the game finished by half - time .                                                       
Australia is still struggling by on a network of road and rail built when our cities were a lot smaller .                                                       
He ' ll go through a hearing process and is one of those players who could come in as the competition goes on .                                                 
From the value of your pension , to the public services your relatives rely on , to how well the taxes you ' ve paid here are spent , the outcome of UK elections really matter .                       
Perhaps the biggest shock of the new iPhone , which is expected to be in stores by early April , is the name that Apple is said to be considering .                                   
They were the more tired of the two sides and it was Liverpool in control in the final stages but unable to score the goal that would decide it .                                     
I realized that you could actually have a whole range of thoughts in a short space of time and the camera would see them all .                                             
As discussed previously , when in doubt over which signing is better , go with the one that cost nothing .                                                       
But it ' s not the first thing I want to do when I ' ve just driven an hour and a half .                                                 
( Reuters Health ) - For kids and teens exposed to violence at home or in the community , boys are just as likely to be seriously hurt by a romantic partner , although the risk changes with age , according to a new study .       
Management of injuries will be critical , though , because they still have some problems in that regard , with full back being a particular problem .                                           
But the authors of the new report warn that Washington ' s economy risks further leaving behind racial minorities and the poor in the years to come .                                         
And his opponent will smile , turn to the audience , hold his or her hands wide , and say " there you have it .                                             
He has now stepped down as MP after it was revealed that he was about to be suspended from the Commons for six months .                                               
Some of our players , even coming off the pitch trying to get his shirt , they weren ' t quick enough to get near him .                                           
On Friday , the White House announced that a seat in First Lady Michelle Obama ' s guest box will be left empty to honor the victims of gun violence .                                   
The fact that too many people do not have open and honest conversations means people miss out on the care that they need and would like .                                           
He wasn ' t able to go and 100 percent cut and run and do all the things he ' s supposed to do .                                               
The Obama administration ' s policy in Syria is now focused not on Mr . Assad but on the Islamic State , including its means of support .                                         
As a young boy , you just want to do everything right when you come on and especially when you come on at home , with the crowd here .                                     
Some people didn ' t want him at their children ' s parties because he is not the same as other children .                                                   
The Clinton Health Security Act , as it was called , did not even make it to a vote in the Democratic - led Congress .                                             
Last Friday , White House officials met with the leaders of major tech companies about how they could help combat the Islamic State .                                                 
But she ' s a great example of somebody that still at her age , after all she achieved , keeps going .                                                   
It ' s that there ' s the new - girl - in - school approach where you ' ve got so many new girls in school .                                         
The U . S . Army All - American Bowl is owned and produced by All American Games , a New Jersey - based sports marketing and event management company .                                   
And we also want to prevent residents from putting themselves in danger by attempting a rescue without the proper equipment and training , so this is part of what we do ," the post said .                         
Once you are close to hitting your target figure it makes sense to start taking less risk , to avoid the possibility of falling capital values at or near the point when you need the money .                       
They hit the bar , they hit the post , we could have carried on for another half - hour and maybe they still would not have got one in .                                   
The Democratic ticket claimed 56 percent of votes cast by women ( of all races ), while the Republicans took 43 percent .                                                   
I ' ve played three games in six days now and can ' t remember the last time I did that .                                                     
All I ' ll I say is that I got to do what I ' ve wanted to do my entire life , which was to direct a movie I love .                                 
Google gives Apple a percentage of revenue generated through the iPhone but details of the tie - up have never been made public .                                                 
On top of that , we will also be keeping the covers on the affected area until as close to kick - off as possible .                                             
Apple won the profits , Google won the market share , and it ' s hard to see that changing in the short term .                                               
His punishment came after he struck Pittsburgh wide receiver Antonio Brown in the head on a pass during Saturday ' s playoff game .                                                 
She said she and her fellow housing activists found " a constant pattern and practice of discrimination " at Trump buildings .                                                     
His response to a question about how to deal with Russia simply made no sense -- further adding to the narrative that he is far , far out of his depth on foreign policy .                           
The bottom line is the two sides need to start working together because this is a committee where things have to get done .                                                 
But for now , the four of us and plenty of other guys right behind us and down the line , everyone ' s playing some pretty incredible golf .                                     
There is a beauty in the idea that even with nothing , just armed with a desire , with a dream , you can reach a critical mass and effect change .                                 
I ' m constantly worried about what other people are thinking of me and it ' s really getting me down .                                                     
I ' ve been lucky enough to make a living as a writer but I also love reading and cannot imagine a world without books .                                             
The 27 - year - old Harry Potter star may have a baby face , but he is older than Matt Smith when he took over the part .                                       
You get to this point of the season and you start picking games off one by one and you then get to the point where teams can ' t catch you or get around you or effect what you can do .             
We ' d have liked to have kept it at 0 - 0 until half - time and see how it would have gone .                                               
Even when he gets hurt , he always does something to push the limit when comes back and try and get better .                                                   
He said : " With so many new treatments being developed patients increasingly want to know how they can access these innovative drugs .                                                   
Those travelling to South Africa for up to 90 days do not need a visa , however , the country has introduced complex rules governing travelling with children .                                       
If there is one thing we felt we didn ' t have the year before , it was that physical nature .                                                     
" They just don ' t seem to ' get ' what we are trying to achieve ," said one official close to the talks .                                             
Other managers prefer to be defensive , give you the ball and then be perfect and then there ' s always an error .                                                 
Asia was the largest source of growth , with a 26 percent year - on - year jump in Indian visitors to more than 1 . 6 million people , making India Dubai ' s number one source of visitors .               
The Six Nations Championship is the biggest and greatest annual rugby championship in the world bar none , by any measure .                                                     
With 99 days to go though , shouldn ' t it be the stuff of a Scottish election debate too ?                                                       
If you ' re able to knock out a country ' s electricity systems then it affects everything else , from banking to traffic control systems .                                           
That ' s part of the problem because it means so many people live so far away from their jobs .                                                       
Only six candidates will be included in the main debate sponsored by Fox Business Network based on a combination of national polls and polls in Iowa and New Hampshire .                                     
She said : " No country in Europe has done more to help Syrian refugees , the UK has been there since day one .                                                 
" There ' s just a negative outlook on anything that ' s got iron in its name or associated with iron ," he said .                                             
The case in North Carolina tests a key piece of broad voting restrictions passed soon after the U . S . Supreme Court ruled in 2013 that states with a history of discrimination no longer needed federal approval for voting law changes affecting minorities .       
He said more than 4 , 500 comments have come into the snow reporting section on the county website - including 400 in a single hour - and he encouraged residents to keep sending their concerns .                       
" She had an attitude that I think a lot of people can learn from : just to always stay positive and to never give up ," Williams told reporters .                                   
" We take these allegations seriously and investigate as we would with all reports of this nature ," she said .                                                       
As further evidence of Spurs " capacity to secure a Champions League return this was proof it is in their hands .                                                     
Its forecast for 2016 core earnings of $ 8 . 15 and $ 8 . 35 per share was well below the average analyst estimate of $ 9 . 43 , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S .           
In December , the Fed took the historic step of raising its benchmark interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade .                                                 
It will create 14 , 000 jobs during construction and bring billions of dollars worth of Canadian oil to market .                                                       
I now have her in child care two days a week that is paid for and I come into work .                                                       
Cameron did not comment on the 130 million - pound settlement , which covers 2005 to 2015 and which brings the company ' s total tax bill to around 200 million pounds for the period , during which it had UK revenues of around 24 billion pounds . 
Bernie hasn ' t beaten any of those top guys yet : he has beaten who he should , and not many above himself .                                               
This study is the first assessment the department of Global Affairs has drawn up on Saudi Arabia in a number of years .                                                   
Research has shown that a person ' s commitment to difficult goals is much higher when the goals are made public rather than kept private .                                             
A meeting which was scheduled yesterday morning was cancelled after the university confirmed it was not in a position to provide any update to staff and volunteers .                                         
Djokovic was , as he has been for everyone in the past 12 months , just too good , and he closed out the set to win the match .                                     
But it is unclear how much political muscle Mr . Ryan will use , especially when he is deeply interested in a broader policy agenda to set the stage for Republicans " race for the White House .                     
His permanent departure from Arsenal , though , would carry the risk of leaving the club short at right - back .                                                     
He has returned home and is expected to return to the job early in the second quarter of 2016 , the company has announced .                                               
But even as a host of companies have announced plans to develop a vaccine , disease experts say it could be years - maybe as long as a decade - before an effective product makes its way to the public .               
She knew I was trying to tap into her aggressive side to make her more competitive but she just doesn ' t have that go - get - it approach .                                   
" It might sound funny given what happened on the pitch but it was the best game I have ever been to ," Martin said .                                             
" New York is going to be focused on doing some serious research and that seems like a good idea ," he said .                                                 
Go through everything you want at any time , as we have nothing to hide , but you pay for it .                                                     
It ' s no surprise , then , that just four days after putting them in place , the government announced this morning it is getting rid of them now .                                   
That is because so many workers in the region ' s knowledge - based economy could work on a home computer , no matter how much snow fell .                                       
The removal of Corbyn is not the answer to all of Labour ' s problems , but his departure would allow it to start talking to the voters who will decide the result of the next election .                     
As they drove south she realised he knew he was being taken to his execution , and urged him to escape .                                                     
' O ' didn ' t know about it , but we wanted to be out there and celebrate with him .                                                     
We kept quiet all week because we wanted to do our talking on the pitch and I think we did that with our performance and the way we conducted ourselves .                                   
" I haven ' t discussed anything with her about what she ' d do , but she ' s somebody I really like and I respect , and certainly she could play a position if she wanted to ," Trump said on the Today show .   
I want to thank football for everything it ' s brought me , both the bad and the good , because it ' s made me grow , and learn .                                   
Maybe that thing called Super Rugby that they play down south and that some of us call " basketball " is rather useful after all .                                             
The company also reported that it ' s making more money than ever from mobile advertising , which now accounts for 80 percent of its revenue .                                           
The governor has appointed an independent panel to review local , state and federal actions related to the drinking water situation and is working with city and county leaders , he said .                               
At 4 : 14 a . m ., the expecting mother was being driven to a Hospital by her husband when she realized they were not going to make it .                                   
There ' s very few players that will have made five Australian Open finals , so I have to be proud of that achievement .                                               
We know that even small increases in weight can have a substantial impact on risk of high blood pressure , developing heart disease , cancer or diabetes .                                         
In the Fox News poll he had 34 per cent among Republican voters with Ted Cruz , the Texas senator , in second on 23 per cent , and Marco Rubio , the Florida senator , in third on 12 per cent .           
And perhaps Obama is simply trying to make sure this issue remains a top priority for Clinton after the Democratic primary campaign is over .                                               
In the Times series , a former manager of the Time Warner center said , " The building doesn ' t know where the money is coming from .                                         
You go back and see those close games that we needed to be in the playoffs but we didn ' t finish it off .                                               
I do think it ' s important that from a younger age players are better educated and are made more aware of what they should do in those situations and how a decision like that can affect your career , can affect the whole sport .     
When you add up the figures for the whole of the UK , that total rises to £ 17 billion for businesses , homes and public sector sites .                                       
Police are looking for the woman that was with him , but it it not known if she is accused of any crime .                                                 
The scandal became known only in late September , so it could only have affected figures in the last months of the year .                                                 
When I saw the car I just thought it could be a stolen family car being used in a robbery and it ' s just not right .                                         
This means that instead of living on average for four years on a state pension , we ' re now looking at closer to 20 .                                             
But across groups the share who say this work is done is dropping , and the share who say there ' s more to do is growing .                                         
My worst move was when I invested in a scheme with a bank in the UK , which I don ' t want to name .                                             
THE national economic statistics agency on Friday released the annual figures , which saw just 0 . 2 per cent growth in the final quarter of 2015 compared with the previous three months .                             
Two people from the UK don ' t have to imagine it now - as they get to live that life .                                                     
" The deal with Iran - there has to be something else going on ," he said , not expanding on the point .                                                 
It ' s a great club and we have shown people we can be fighting up there at the top of the league .                                                 
But it ' s a tough league and teams will drop points , nobody is going to win every week .                                                       
It ' s safe to say that on that day , all three stations were operating at loss - and probably a big one .                                               
" I cannot tell you bad it was , they were trying to just break me as a man ," he said .                                                   
If we left here and we didn ' t actually have a vote and present a Supreme Court justice , a lot of us feel like we wouldn ' t be doing our job .                           
But moving to Celtic was what I wanted to do , so that was great as well over those two or three days .                                                 
" It ' s basically me saying thanks to them and it helps make the office a good place ," he said .                                                   
The park was closed to the public for a number of days after the terror attacks in the French capital in November .                                                   
It was good for me , I felt it helped and it ' s going to help me in the long term .                                                   
As least 26 schools in New Jersey received the threats by phone starting at about 8 : 50 a . m .                                                     
And with half its population under 25 years old , Saudi Arabia needs that so it can give people jobs if it can ' t give them as much welfare .                                   
" When you see this criminal being interviewed by a world - class actor you know something is not right , because everything is like a show ," he added .                                   
The real income of the nation will fall , the standard of living will fall , which is a very painful thing for the population .                                             
" Those guys have been at the top of the game for longer than maybe I ' ve been alive ," Murray said .                                                 
In 2014 he told the Washington Post that the widespread distribution of the photos on the Internet had cost him a lot of money .                                               
He said : " We agreed to $ 500 , 000 in order to put this issue behind us so that we can continue to focus our attention on providing our New York City customers with the highest level of quality and service .           
When I wasn ' t scoring I was trying the best I could to keep it out of my mind , but it ' s hard .                                           
Police arrived soon after and arrested members of the group , who have since been charged in relation to the incident .                                                     
The older boys appreciate it if you have something to say and they see that you know what you are talking about rather than just being a young kid coming in and trying to kick a ball about .                   
The model doesn ' t give a true - false output , but estimates how long a conspiracy could be kept secret given the number of people involved .                                       
Here you have a trend that has turned negative and a Fed that is far less friendly than in 2012 , ' 13 or ' 14 .                                             
Trump made $ 100 , 000 per episode for his performance ; of course , he also owned half of the show .                                                   
More than one million migrants fleeing conflicts and poverty in the Middle East and beyond sought shelter in Europe in 2015 and many more are expected to come during 2016 .                                   
" My fitness is even better than it was because people keep saying ' you ' re 33 now " it makes me feel as if I ' ve got something to prove .                             
If not then go down that franchise route like they once had in rugby league where you granted a team a three - to - four - year license .                                     
But you know , I think we ' ll take steps , and do some things to make sure that doesn ' t happen .                                               
I don ' t know how long it will take , and it might take a while , but we will cross the finishing line .                                             
For those with the cash looking to purchase a property in the city centre , here is what you can expect to be paying for a one bedroom flat in these premium areas .                             
Even when we take two guys who are in the same position and performing equally well , we see this racial advantage .                                                   
" Sometimes you just have to block people in life that you once believed to be your friend ," Evans responded .                                                     
The new job requires an ability to spot good companies with good managers who will sell at a price that leaves room for future profits .                                             
Research has previously revealed that parking a car at many of Britain ' s airports is more expensive than parking a plane .                                                   
I did so after my editor accused me of picking easy questions for 2014 , when I only missed two .                                                       
" However , we have to wait to see whether the reforms they carry out will be successful or not , or how far they can go ," he said .                                   
We call upon parties in Geneva to take the first urgent steps and not to miss the chance this moment presents .                                                     
Two months later -- for reasons that had little to do with Trump ' s attack -- Walker was out of the race .                                                 
This has helped McDonald ' s get back some of the market share which it had been losing to rivals .                                                       
" Today , in my conversation with the Chinese , I made it very clear that has not worked and we cannot continue business as usual ," Kerry said .                                     
Both teams shots less than 25 percent from 3 - point range , with Iowa making 5 of 24 from long range .                                                   
" We ' ve heard from a lot of women who experience and remember the trauma as a form of sexual abuse ," she added .                                             
Although the agreement was reached , it still requires a public comment period and final approval by the Ferguson City Council .                                                     
If your New Year ' s resolution is to learn some new dance moves , the Kennedy Center has you covered .                                                     
The fact that I was able to handle everything that has happened the last few days is a good sign , he said .                                                 
" Our main concern was having a good - quality development and one that is worry - free and maintenance - free ," she says .                                             
Islamic State militants attempted to capture an oil port along Libya ' s coast early Monday , in fighting that left at least seven people dead and set fire to a storage tank of crude oil , according to witnesses .               
They ' re also very small states , so it ' s a lot easier for voters to get out and meet them easily , so they come to expect that , and in coming to expect that , they keep their options open .       
In addition , there had been a surge in attacks by the Afghan security services on their American allies ; so - called green - on - blue shootings had become a crisis .                             
The military operation increased after a Taliban attack on an army - operated school in December 2014 in which more than 150 people were killed .                                             
Djokovic got the service break he needed in the second set on a 32 - shot rally to give him a 6 - 5 lead .                                             
For women age 34 , it ' s somewhat less , but not by much - 23 . 8 per cent .                                                     
The sudden crackdown followed Tuesday ' s arrests of eight people who were among a small group of men and women who took control of the federal facility in early January .                                 
" We ' ve got a higher level of activity today than in the past few years " in looking to drop sites .                                                 
Japan ' s central bank is telling us that it ' s doing more without actually doing more to try to get us to act as if it ' s really doing more - which we did !                     
I thought the whole House should vote on those kinds of things , but it was not possible at this point , in my opinion .                                             
He ' s also more in the political extreme than most any other legitimate presidential candidate in recent history - just like Trump and Cruz .                                             
We should certainly be helping the overseas aid because they are going to affect our climate just as much as we affect our own .                                               
The Deputy First Minister ' s budget did not spell good news for any of Scotland ' s cultural institutions , organisations or artists .                                               
" I thought I struggled ," Murray said to a tournament official as he waited for a car to take him to the hospital .                                               
It is an important role , we do have a great group of colleagues and I think we are making progress .                                                     
" We have a sense of proportion about where we are in the scheme of things and the ranking ," she said .                                                   
His campaign believes it can also appeal to Catholic voters who are conservative on issues such as abortion and same - sex marriage .                                                 
Here ' s the thing , everyone who has come to Miami has their club from home they ' ll always be loyal to , only now they can have a club at home , here in their back yard as well .           
He added : " There ' s nothing I can do if people decide that they want to leave the room .                                                       
Clinton ' s campaign appears confident that Americans will see all of this as old news , and that her husband will remain an asset to her efforts to get his old job .                             
He tried to phone me on the Monday morning but he spoke to the manager and after that I was fine .                                                     
But he hasn ' t gone so far as to offer what some downtown office buildings have : free rent .                                                       
Sanders has since said he is open to taking another look at that law , which Clinton opposed while she was a senator representing New York .                                           
At least a dozen countries have had attacks since the Islamic State , or ISIS , began to pursue a global strategy in the summer of 2014 .                                         
On one hand there ' s a feeling that what happened is wrong , she said , and many people concerned , but people are split on how to respond .                                   
Another time she grabbed my hand and says thanks for your help with this event - she knew I had helped book the venue .                                               
The figures show that many markets in emerging regions of the world , including Latin America , Asia and less developed regions of Europe continue to trade at below their long - term average prices .                         
But the funds produced may not cover the costs and would likely damage an important trading partnership , the report said .                                                     
This is what makes Israel unique in our region , and it will always remain a great source of pride for us .                                                   
The woman wasn ' t hurt in the incident , and charges had not yet been filed by Sunday afternoon .                                                       
It divided the country as sharply as the Iraq War would do in 2003 , and argument about it went on for years .                                                 
But for the police to put him on the spot like that and throw his face out on Facebook is totally wrong .                                                   
He needs to deliver a level of performance for Rangers and I ' ve no doubt he ' ll do that .                                                     
When looking at a series of issues facing the country , which of the two major parties do U . S . adults feel has the best vision to address each ?                                 
The Met Office has issued a severe weather warning covering most of Wales , north - west England and west Scotland for rain and flooding .                                             
31 -- the most recent monthly release of Clinton ' s emails -- more than 1 , 200 emails have been classified .                                                   
From when he arrived at the club , in our head we always try to care because when they are young , we care .                                               
You can never get comfortable because we ' ve got a big squad and we ' re always looking at signing new players .                                                 
In addition , the renewable energy sector is expanding and is emerging as the new target for growth with projects in Europe and Asia - Pacific .                                           
Because they don ' t want to run against me , because they know I can stop them in November .                                                       
The front door was open and he could see straight out at the people walking past to go to work .                                                       
" Cooper will moderate the discussion , and the president will take questions from the audience ," the White House official said in the email .                                             
In the week that we ' ve had , the players have wanted to come forward and do their very best for the team .                                               
The European Union criticized the speed at which the referendum vote was held , saying it did not give enough time for the public to consider the arguments .                                       
This is a black mark on the justice system as a whole , and should be recognized as such , while also giving these men the ability to live as normal a life as possible .                         
But she said US stocks sold - off following Thursday morning ' s announcement , Australian time , while bonds found some initial support .                                               
" It ' s a difficult to talk about the middle of January because we need to be focused on the start of January ," said the German coach .                                     
The Scottish Government ' s own figures show planned spending on reducing climate emissions for 2016 - 17 is almost 10 per cent less than the previous year .                                       
U . S . health officials said the United States has two potential candidates for a Zika vaccine and may begin human clinical trials by the end of this year , but there will not be a widely available vaccine for several years .         
The runs to the left as you ride up the chair are north - facing and keep their snow well .                                                       
She said the market barely moved on Monday during quiet trade ahead of the Australia Day public holiday and as investors wait for official Australian inflation data due on Wednesday .                                   
We ' ve had 100 per cent population growth in five years - we ' ve gone from six residents to 12 .                                                   
I wasn ' t happy with the way we played in the first half , we were the Premier League team tonight and at times I didn ' t see that .                                 
[ It ] is a reaction to Iran ' s aggressive policies over the years , and in particular over the past few months .                                               
" It is definitely a landmark , it has come around quickly and I didn ' t really expect it ," said the 24 - year - old .                                       
Such people , said the report , which was leaked last week , are " highly over - represented " in Jeremy Corbyn ' s Labour Party .                                         
It believes he was operating in Libya with the support of Islamic State ' s core leadership in Iraq and Syria , in a likely sign of the country ' s strategic importance to the group .                       
He said : " I do have two homes , my wife is from the Caribbean , we have a home there and I spent some time there over Christmas .                                     
The new target is a 67 per cent increase in affordable housing supply , with 70 per cent of the new target being for social rent .                                           
" You can ' t talk about something that ' s not up for sale ," he said in an interview on Thursday .                                                 
Another important shift is the move towards the digital radio , a technology available in 56 per cent of vehicles sold today .                                                   
He told MPs : " I would say to the Prime Minister , ' just give us your intent , Prime Minister , and let us deliver on it ', and he wanted to get more into the detail than would be normal , I felt .       
The newspaper said one of the nine U . S . citizens was convicted by a Saudi court in 2007 , while the rest are still being investigated .                                       
We wanted to get lined up , and we have a handful of plays , and then we tried to get into the best one .                                             
He ' s got questions he has to answer to the committee and I would certainly support him coming back , but that ' s a decision the committee has to take .                               
First time I met Andy and Jamie was really only a year or so ago , because it takes a couple of times being around guys like that before you have the confidence to approach them .                       
You ' re either all the way in or all the way out in this process , and we believe our guys are all the way in .                                         
We want to help build great communities ; and in times like these , we must remember to help one another .                                                     
He ' s particularly good at doing this in some of the bigger matches when space and time are very much at a premium .                                               
We don ' t need to worry about data protection , as we know that the data is in good hands .                                                     
But he had to drop the appeal and can never profit - by selling his story , for example - from his prosecution and conviction .                                             
" I want everyone to know that I did have a bad feeling about this man as soon as I saw him ," she wrote .                                             
The local school was once attended by hundreds of children , but it was reduced to one class with six pupils .                                                     
2 admits it has been difficult to play at Melbourne Park while his wife Kim has stayed in the UK and is expected to give birth within days .                                       
I was talking to myself after every single point almost from the first point through to the last , which was obviously not ideal .                                               
The British government is seeking changes in its EU membership , notably one that would limit access to welfare benefits by refugees who enter the EU and arrive in Britain .                                   
" The question , though , it comes from our own president where they have to look at him and wonder , " Do you know what we go through ?                                     
One of them died , and the other was arrested and taken to a hospital with injuries that were not considered life - threatening .                                               
Some 80 percent of those infected typically do not have symptoms , making it difficult for pregnant women to determine if they have the virus .                                             
You can say she ' s been in the Cup Series for four years , but most guys by the time they ' ve got to the Cup Series have had a lot of time in a stock car .                 
When we start to put 80 minutes together I think we will start getting results , but we need to start doing that soon otherwise it won ' t count for much .                               
The Australian share market has been hit by the shock wave from falls of seven per cent and a halt in trading on Chinese markets .                                             
It is a match - up that he seems to enjoy , having not dropped a set in their three previous meetings .                                                   
But this month ' s issue included an unusual page - long explanation of her position on the stadium issue .                                                       
The next level , from $ 100 , 000 to $ 1 million , has just 7 . 3 percent of the population and about 40 percent of the wealth .                                   
The truth is the world of technology moves so fast , it ' s impossible to predict where Twitter will be in two years " time .                                           
In a research note , the bank described it as its " preferred play " within the UK housing and construction sector .                                                   
Some school governing council members will no longer need checks and sporting and community groups using school grounds will be able to determine themselves whether screening is required , in line with legislation .                             
29 ( UPI ) -- Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Friday he raised $ 6 million for 22 veterans organizations at the event he held to counter the latest debate .                                   
Given the challenging financial situation in the UK , is the hosting of memorial meetings across the country a good use of government resources ?                                               
The 84 - seat bus caught fire early Tuesday as it traveled down an urban street to a railway station .                                                       
And there are positive signs in the US and the UK in particular - where , for example , unemployment is very low .                                                 
Just like every other oil producer in the world , Russia ' s state - owned firms need to make up for falling revenue by trying to ship more volume .                                   
And in too many ways , if you want people to listen , paying a serious price is the only language they understand .                                                 
We have a good chance on winning the league as the statistics show you that eight of the past 11 years the team who was top on New Year ' s Day won it .                           
" I think something in Scotland needs to change and if the electorate won ' t change the government in May , they should consider changing the official opposition ," she said .                               
Yes , OPEC provided some of the additional supply last year , but the majority of this has come from non - OPEC countries .                                               
If schools open , it says , " parents would have to face tough safety decisions , our students who walk would have to walk on the roads , and the conditions are still not up to the top standard .                 
Today in my conversation with the Chinese I made it very clear that has not worked and we cannot continue business as usual .                                                 
We ' d been tracking a high - profile target and I had a feeling this was the call we ' d been waiting for , for weeks .                                       
A spokesman for Nigeria ' s state oil company said he could not yet say whether exports would be affected .                                                       
Some want to get promoted but in reality don ' t because of the financial issues that go with it .                                                       
The difficulty that remains for Labour , of course , is the lack of obvious candidates ready to replace him as leader .                                                   
What are the reasons why you have not shot in the U . K . for all of these years , and why did you chose Ireland instead ?                                       
The 34 - year - old said the strike is not about her personal gain , but is about anyone who has anything to do with the NHS .                                       
A main source of government and private wealth is the state ' s sale of village land to real estate developers .                                                     
If your scheme is on a " net pay " basis , your employer takes your contribution from your pay before tax , so you already get the benefit of the full tax relief available .                         
Nearly 16 , 000 men in the western province have been laid off from September of 2014 through the end of last year .                                                 
Green added 25 points and nine rebounds as the Warriors improved to 35 - 2 , the best mark by any NBA team after 37 games .                                           
It has more than 2 , 500 members in the UK and has helped launch green tourism systems in Canada , New Zealand , Sweden , Italy and Ireland .                                     
This , surely , is what Sanders means by the term " political revolution ," which he uses all the time .                                                     
The truth is that when I look around at politics in Britain at present I don ' t think much of the ideas other parties are offering to the business community .                                 
Why are they so blind when real Americans can see so clearly America ' s decline around the world and the danger at home ?                                               
It ' s far away but then it ' s very big , and we can see objects which are closer but smaller .                                                 
" I can tell you that as a new business , as a small business , that it ' s possible ," she said .                                               
I think at least the nation saw why we have been so successful -- they saw the heart of our team .                                                     
But I think against Roger , these first two sets have been probably the best two sets I ' ve played against him overall I think throughout my career ," Djokovic said .                               
But in an even more important way , China ' s debt crisis and the global market crash that has followed is a political story .                                             
Every investor , from the individual with their pension pot , to the professional with billions under management , starts from the rate on offer in a UK bank account , or the return on US and UK government bonds .               
THE fifth elections to the Scottish Parliament take place on Thursday , May 5 and will see the SNP attempt to win an historic third term in power .                                       
He was forcing Djokovic into longer rallies , and when he was broken to go down 3 - 4 , he broke straight back to level up the scores .                                     
The right side of the Broncos line has been a trouble spot in recent weeks , in terms of push for the rushing attack and pass protection .                                         
The aim of the programme is for more employees and more employers in Scotland to benefit from a family friendly approach to work .                                                 
D . C . police were not immediately available to comment and the fire spokesman , Tim Wilson , had no details on how the incident occurred .                                         
Most firms are currently targeting younger drivers , who might not be able to afford car insurance without sharing their driving data .                                                   
I ' m really excited about the challenge ahead , but in reality leading this squad of players will not fall just to me .                                               
She is also quite vocal in talking about issues that face the world - vocal but not threatening , which is a very good way to engage countries .                                       
However , if the low pressure system were to form closer to the coast , it could give us another shot at getting snow or rain , depending on the temperatures .                                 
Scotland ' s two home games against England and France in this year ' s Six Nations sold out in record time and over 40 , 000 were attracted to the home World Cup warm - up Test last August .               
The NHS is already struggling to achieve waiting targets , and extra delays caused by three days of action will increase the risk targets are missed .                                           
The majority speak at least some English but little or no French , and many say they have relatives already in Britain .                                                   
Murray , the champion in 2009 , 2011 , 2013 as well as 2015 , said : " If I could win it a fifth time it would be amazing .                                     
I loved it and it was a really great cast and crew but I had this feeling that I am 23 , and if I can ' t take chances now , when can I ?                         
Texas Sen . Ted Cruz ' s campaign said it had raised nearly $ 20 million in the fourth quarter and estimated that he would finish the year having raised more than $ 45 million .                         
I ' ve been saying it the whole year , he ' s got so much potential in him that once it comes out people will be impressed .                                       
An official with a major energy company said it was still not clear what contracts Iran had in mind for the sector .                                                   
But the company ' s spokeswoman said since 2014 , Australia Post had implemented a " knock and call " system where drivers must knock three times and call once when attempting to deliver a package .                       
Ben , who filmed the ship on January 16 said : " One of my friends had mentioned a boat was stuck so I went out to look for myself .                                     
" If justice had been served the first time , we wouldn ' t have had this issue ," Sheriff Anderson said .                                                   
His base salary for next season is $ 15 . 95 million , with a cap hit of over $ 24 million for the Lions .                                             
They are locked in a struggle and the heat is really on the manager - but I would still be surprised if he leaves the club this season .                                       
U . S . crude was up 92 cents at $ 34 . 15 a barrel , having settled up 92 cents , or 2 . 9 per cent , at $ 33 . 22 on Thursday .                     
We have tried before to get those types of players but they get three times the salary at other places .                                                       
South Korea ' s Agency for Defense Development stated research is to begin in 2017 , and applied research in 2019 .                                                     
It was a shot in the dark , we tried to make it work but we couldn ' t get it done .                                                   
We know he ' s in great form and he ' s one of the best to ever play the game so we know we ' ve got to play really well against him and put him under pressure , as we would with any ten .   
The parent bank ' s chairman , Ken Henry , explained the decision to investors before the vote , and told shareholders that the UK bank struggled in the wake of the financial crisis .                           
The difference between the best and worst rates can add more than £ 1 , 000 a year to the return from a £ 100 , 000 pension pot .                                     
The Company reported higher revenues in 2015 due to increased volume from its advertising partners compared to the year 2014 .                                                       
The second thing this service model does is enable the producer to maintain control over the assets in service and plan for their return and next life cycle .                                       
In an interview with The Washington Post , Sam Russell , 53 , said the site is meant to provide equal opportunity , adding that members don ' t have to be white .                             
The amount of people that struggle so much because of the shame they feel or the fear ... why would someone make that choice ?                                               
I don ' t want to be compared to ( Jordan ) because you see what he ' s done for this game .                                                 
I wonder whether this might be the only formal investigation in this country where the evidence of the individuals involved in the incident was not considered relevant .                                         
Now , if that ' s the central question , the natural next question is who has stood up to Washington ," Cruz says .                                               
They ' re not even followers ," Moore , many of whose recent projects have been in India , says .                                                       
Another poll finds that Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are in a dead heat in Iowa and Bernie Sanders leads Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire .                                             
Although 70 percent of the community ' s women are employed , most are teachers or other low - paid workers .                                                     
She pledged that if she lived two years beyond her diagnosis , she would use her remaining time to improve the lives of people with the disease .                                         
" The truth is , Ted , throughout this campaign you ' ve been willing to say or do anything in order to get votes ," Rubio said .                                       
But gun control is one of the major issues of the moment , and it ' s always important in New Hampshire , home of the first - in - the - nation primary , where Christie has invested heavily .               
I told her before that I was always attracted to pregnant women ... so now I ' m excited to be with a beautiful , pregnant woman .                                         
In fact there are a lot more dangerous activities to which the Chief Medical Officer might have drawn our attention .                                                       
The Chancellor has made it clear he wants a chief who will bring a different approach to regulation , but has not given details on exactly what that approach will be .                                 
But despite bitter memories of being forced to do the same myself every year , I still believe in writing thank - you letters .                                               
Rose scored four points on 2 - for - 6 shooting before leaving the game with 4 : 30 remaining in the second quarter .                                               
" I don ' t think I ' ve ever felt more alone than I did on the carpet that day ," he admitted .                                               
We love to say " We told you so ," but we ' d rather not have to do it all the time .                                                 
The fact that Europe - and maybe Kerry - is even considering Assad option says a lot about Iran - U . S . relations - that they are deeper and growing faster than anyone anticipated .                       
Mrs Merkel ' s coalition partner , the Social Democrats , came second on 24 per cent - meaning the coalition would still command a 58 per cent majority .                                     
She ' s been in a police station all day long , not knowing where she is going to be sleeping that night , and then she ' s brought to a strange man ' s house .                     
An average of recent polls currently shows Mr Trump with a lead of 16 per cent on the Republican side , and Mrs Clinton 23 points ahead of her Democratic rivals .                                 
The midfielder was an immediate impact signing , which is what Aberdeen really need to have any chance of improving on last season ' s second - place finish .                                     
Smith is a guy who played well for them last year and he ' s playing well for them this year , so he doesn ' t make it any easier .                                 
" Just to be clear , my voting record in the Senate during my years is almost 90 percent , which is significantly higher than Barack Obama ' s or Hillary Clinton ' s was when they were running for president ," said Rubio .       
As long as you ' re playing well , it doesn ' t matter how old you are - and I ' m not old .                                             
There are a number of reasons behind this , including a rise in the number of crimes being reported and a welcome increase in the number of domestic abuse and historic sexual offences cases which have been going to trial .               
Although they help people who already have heart disease , they claim there is little evidence to show they are useful for the general public .                                             
That attack in contrast appears to have been carried out by a married couple who were inspired by the Islamic State but had never fought with the group .                                       
The girl ' s father came looking for her and arrived at the settlement soon after she had been shot .                                                       
There are more tough times on the way , but oil has been good for Scotland and will continue to be good for many years to come .                                         
We don ' t know what he thought - it was just a surprise walk - in appointment , and he had time so he just did it .                                       
Community health workers play a vital role in giving pregnant women help and information , supporting them so they come to the health centre long before labour starts .                                       
Not only because wearing a ball cap is unusual for the modern presidential candidate , but because Trump ' s campaign has reached that level that Barack Obama hit in 2008 .                                 
Those numbers will be especially crucial in the swing states with the largest black populations : Ohio , Florida and Virginia .                                                     
Although it did a bit better last year , I suspect that its growth rate will fall back in 2016 .                                                       
That does not fly with Russia , which is backing up Mr . Assad ' s forces on the ground .                                                       
The York resident , who has not been named , was cleared last December of allegations that he raped a woman , according to a report in the York Press .                                   
It would be important for a company to tell the regulators immediately so they could investigate and warn patients if necessary ," he said .                                               
We offer our customers a chance to go anywhere they dream and to do it with the world ' s best airline .                                                   
Of the M . A . S . H . years he said : " It was a wonderful experience , and I ' ll tell you why .                                         
You still need luck , and anyone who has won it will tell you that you need the luck of the draw a little bit .                                             
There really isn ' t - if someone has a majority of delegates in order to win the nomination , they ' re going to be the nominee .                                       
This is China ' s responsibility , but the administration could have done more to make this a higher priority .                                                       
From personal experience , having visiting the resort 18 times over the previous 20 years , the impression being created doesn ' t ring true .                                             
Each of these universities sets targets for how many international students they want to attract , and the number of them coming to Canada has been on the rise for years .                                 
The Spurs have won the first three games of the four - game season series by 33 , 14 and 28 points .                                                   
" You don ' t often see quite so many people over a certain age on screen together and being treated as if they were real people ," she says .                                   
A report on Saudi Arabia has been prepared for 2015 as part of the department ' s annual process of producing human rights reports on numerous countries .                                         
The Korea model is not necessary if the peace process moves forward - that ' s the preferred path for all parties .                                                   
Not just me , my friends are also so happy , we don ' t know how to put it into words .                                                   
While the Canadian won three of the pair ' s first four meetings , Murray has had the most recent success , taking out their last two matches .                                       
No one can touch , either , the number of fourth - quarter comeback wins he has inspired : 45 .                                                       
" You know , you can say all the kinds of things you want in a campaign ," Clinton said .                                                       
When you ' re too attached to what you have already built it ' s tough to focus your energy on what you can change .                                             
They pointed out his subsequent comments , in which he said the important thing was not the type of system but whether it ruled with justice .                                           
The charges come as prosecutors face increased scrutiny over how they treat cases of police use of deadly force , particularly against minorities .                                                 
In November , jobs growth was 71 , 400 , after a 56 , 000 rise in October , the strongest two - month period of employment growth since the 1980s .                                 
" As the trend continues to catch on , traditional financial services companies will have to be much more aggressive and creative to keep their current customers ," Mr . Smith says .                               
It was also linked to the fines they ' ll have kept on getting if they continued with investment advice .                                                       
" But passing the relevant law won ' t be enough ," he said , adding that the government should also secure backing from workers and political parties to implement the changes .                               
The new deal would see doctors given a pay rise but some anti - social hours for which they are currently paid a premium would be considered to be standard .                                   
So please : Before you judge someone - especially another woman - put yourself in her shoes and also look at your past .                                                 
Wilson was brought in to fill back up roles at both full back positions and add experience to a young side .                                                     
Last week , Polish lawmakers approved legislation by the new ruling party that ends the terms of the current heads of state - run radio and television , who were appointed by the previous establishment .                         
Its cost of production also came in at the bottom end of its US 70 to 80 cents - per pound guidance .                                                   
All of us , myself included , we just haven ' t been good enough and until that changes we won ' t see the results that we want .                                     
Nine hours later , both took the Trump pledge , saying they " absolutely " supported the candidate , although both say they still aren ' t absolutely sure .                                     
While Clinton ' s years of preparation for the presidency should work in her favour , they have instead meant Americans don ' t view her as an exciting candidate who can bring great change and make their nation better .               
His wife , however , took the phone from her husband during an interview to challenge Trump ' s account .                                                       
I can say I have no intention of shooting anybody in this campaign , adding that he would keep his criticism focused on issues .                                               
To prove our point , let ' s look at the Senate , where most of the action in Congress on guns has been in the past few years .                                     
In 2010 , for instance , 62 percent of companies combined them ; in 2005 that figure was at 70 percent .                                                     
But holding the lead in the second half , the Kansas City offense needed to run clock and they did that by moving the ball on the ground .                                       
It ' s the first thing I think about in the morning , so I try to make the second thing I think about more interesting .                                           
" I hope he scores a lot of goals , does well , and he comes back to us in confident and good shape ," the Norwegian said .                                       
I say that to them all the time , the ones I believe could go down there , I tell them they have to go down at the right time .                                   
The feeling I got when we went through in the quarter - final , hopefully we can do something similar on Saturday .                                                   
It has to be a club where he is more or less guaranteed a starting place to get up his match fitness .                                                   
But there is still a way to go : The women ' s teams played two 15 - minute periods with running time and a friends - and - family crowd of a few hundred people .                       
Maybe it ' s a pressure thing or an internal political thing , but that is not the situation ," he said .                                                   
If you ' re eating 10 or 15 percent more at every meal , that ' s going to add up .                                                     
If the Scotland chance comes , I need to take it with both hands because if I have a bad game I could be out for a while .                                       
When he announced his executive actions on guns Tuesday morning , President Obama was surrounded by a number of people who were either family members of victims of gun violence or victims themselves .                             
He spent so much of his time travelling that one daughter told her teacher that her father lived at the airport .                                                     
I have spent the past five years of my political life , and many years before that , campaigning for Scotland ' s place in the United Kingdom .                                       
" It ' s much easier for society to make hundreds of power plants better than change the hundreds of millions of cars in thousands of cities ," he said .                                   
Yes , there are many Republican voters who are supporting what the media calls " protest " candidates like Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and Ben Carson .                                         
" He established communication with actors and producers , which has formed a new line of investigation ," she said during a press conference .                                               
He added : " If you could call one of them , I don ' t know , it ' s getting cold out here , man .                                           
With neither the West nor Russia able to resolve the Ukraine crisis so far , the European Union and the United States will keep economic sanctions on Russia until the end of July 2016 .                           
We got back to within six going into the fourth and it got away from us pretty quickly at the start of the period .                                               
He has suffered health problems over the course of his long custody , and has not yet received a chance to defend himself in court .                                             
A female ambulance officer has been rushed to hospital herself after the woman she was treating in Brisbane allegedly assaulted her .                                                     
The Bank of England will cut its growth and inflation forecasts this week and signal that interest rates will stay at a record low for longer amid rising global risks .                                   
I love Washington , but it ' s a good idea to get out of it every now and then .                                                       
Here ' s how Apple explains it : " Over the years , Apple has driven incredible job growth and created new industries .                                                   
A transgender woman is to start a new life in England because she has not been accepted in her Scottish home town .                                                   
But they indicated that 7 , 000 of those pages required review by other government departments before they could be made public , so as to allow other agencies the opportunity to flag material they considered classified .                     
The cuts were announced to staff in meetings on Thursday across the Asia - Pacific region , according to a person with direct knowledge of the matter .                                         
Russia joined Syria ' s war in late September , launching air strikes on behalf of the Syrian president , Bashar al - Assad .                                               
The previous talks in 2014 failed partly because Syria ' s government insisted on discussing " terrorism " before anything else , a label that it applied to all its opponents .                                 
We didn ' t want to go into the playoffs having broken that streak , so to put together now four straight in the fourth quarter of the season is important .                                 
This year , we saw a very strong start to the key Christmas season with Black Friday being particularly strong online , with sales up 40 per cent on the year - our biggest online day ever .                     
Speaking to Reuters last September , a Google spokeswoman said the company was " naturally " attracted by Ireland ' s relatively low corporate tax rate , as well as by the expansion prospects the country offered .                     
When careers come towards the end and you need to move on , I look back with pride and a sense of achievement with being there over eight years .                                     
He said the Navy launched a helicopter that determined the drone wasn ' t armed and " posed no danger to the ship " as the carrier wasn ' t conducting flight operations at the time .                       
And there ' s the issue : the brain doesn ' t seem to like to get started on 39 hour projects it isn ' t being paid to complete .                                   
Carolina would become only the fourth team in NFL history to win 18 games after going 15 - 1 in the regular season .                                                 
So if it ends up playing on near - empty grounds in the Caribbean next summer , I suspect that will be that .                                                 
The Tigers had won 51 consecutive games when leading after three quarters but could not hold on against Alabama after taking a 24 - 21 lead into the final period .                                   
" Don ' t just train for 28 or 30 minutes every day , mix it up with one that ' s 60 minutes maybe two days a week ," she said .                               
They were up 19 , we cut it to nine and they turn it over twice and we didn ' t make anything happen .                                               
" I think sometimes when this club have played like that we ' ve ended up getting knocked out of the cup ," he said .                                             
She wasn ' t seen on any CCTV footage around there which is why we need people ' s go pro footage from around the surrounding streets of the high school .                                 
It ' s too bad that there are going to be more individuals who are going to have to suffer what I suffered .                                                 
North American stocks opened higher on Friday as a cold wave across the United States and Europe helped oil prices surge for a second day .                                             
So until he ' s willing to admit the problem , how can you not at least talk about the problem ?                                                     
Economic concerns had taken a back seat to fears of terrorism after last year ' s Islamic State attacks in Paris .                                                     
David Cameron has responded to growing concerns over the North Sea job crisis , saying he will visit Aberdeen on Thursday in a bid to help secure a future for the oil and gas industry .                         
He ' s a guy who can talk about politics and policy in terms real people can understand and with a passion they can connect to .                                           
That ' s the first target for me again this year and I feel that if I can string a few good weeks together I can achieve that .                                       
Bank of Scotland said the modest rise in private sector output last month was led by service providers , as manufacturers registered a further decline in production .                                         
8 election , has called for the United States to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country as a national security measure .                                                   
In the interviews , a former Japanese soldier said women were required to have sex with 50 to 100 soldiers a day .                                                   
His successor will thus be able to lead a " Yes " campaign for Britain to remain in the EU as just an " associate member ," and Mr Cameron will have got pretty well all he promised .                   
I didn ' t go into the United changing room to see them after the game because I didn ' t feel it would have been right .                                         
About 80 per cent of homeless people have a mobile phone and 75 per cent have a smart phone , according to the latest data from service providers and University of Sydney research .                             
The company ' s total operating expenses rose more than 20 percent to $ 34 . 64 billion in the fourth quarter .                                                   
I work for if one day I am not here to give the legacy , it ' s always my way to work not only for the present and for the quick results .                             
And Donald Trump , the larger - than - life real estate reality TV star , is - still - the front - runner for the Republican presidential nomination .                                     
" I take heat for what I saw all the time ," Christie said during a news conference on Tuesday .                                                       
" You will lose this war as you lost in Iraq and Afghanistan ," said the man , who has not been identified by the British authorities .                                         
His performances for Edinburgh as well as Scotland have been outstanding , and he looks like the 7 we ' ve been seeking for years .                                             
Another way to do that would be to stop charging $ 150 each way to have a small dog in a carrier bag under the seat .                                           
John and I are both clear that we need to make sure that we get the right deal for all taxpayers in Scotland and the rest of the UK .                                     
Though it was lost amid all the dust kicked up by Trump and his competing event , Fox was celebrating what was clearly a victory .                                             
The campaign plans to field questions on social media and in telephone calls when the ad is broadcast at different times on different channels .                                               
Unfortunately , a lot of people still think a woman ' s behaviour can contribute to offences committed against her .                                                       
Jon Stewart , who left his long and beloved run on The Daily Show this year , ties for the No .                                                     
She called for the British government to take steps against Russian agents operating inside Britain in light of the report .                                                       
Like I told them last night , it ' s not a surprise that we are where we ' re at .                                                     
Having played with Glasgow for six years it ' s also exciting to be moving to explore Edinburgh and start growing my connection with the city .                                           
Let ' s assume he got a nomination and the Democrats bring suit , the suit takes two to three years to solve , so how do you run ?                                     
" There ' s still a difference between the men and the women , but the girls are getting really close ," he said .                                               
This helps guide them through the test process , and once they receive the result they get a whole host of different types of information based on what the result was .                                 
He said : " The police may have had their reasons , and perhaps had reason to believe that she was still alive and had just run away .                                         
The figure represents the Disney film studio ' s biggest opening day ever in China and the highest Saturday opening day in the country in industry history , the company said .                                 
" The only time we would know if they are homeless or not is if a loved one or a friend of the family or their friends have shown up and they tell us that sort of thing ," he said .             
One person was seriously injured and taken to a hospital , according to Tim Wilson , spokesman for the D . C . fire department .                                             
Cameron hopes to agree a package of measures with fellow national leaders at a European Union summit in three weeks .                                                       
So , at the risk of conducting an exchange with a fellow party leader in public , let me try to answer some of his points .                                           
More than one million refugees and migrants arrived by land and sea in the European Union last year and some 3 , 600 died or went missing .                                         
Labor market strength , marked by a 5 percent unemployment rate , prompted the Fed to raise interest rates in December for the first time in nearly a decade .                                     
Apple has developed several new products in recent years to combat a future decline in iPhone sales , including the Apple Watch and the new Apple TV , both released last year .                               
If they are middle - aged and have children , people wonder how they will run and serve and take care of children .                                                 
I wish Ryan the best of luck and I ' m proud to have played a very small part in his development .                                                   
The claims report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid rose 3 , 000 to 2 . 20 million in the week ended Dec .                                 
Scotland could be given its own television channel as part of a shake - up of BBC services , the chair of the BBC Trust has said .                                         
Sir Philip , who is paid £ 100 , 000 for up to three days " work a week , eventually landed back in the UK on December 30 , and admitted he did not come back as soon as he could have .         
Others need to be produced alongside another document , such as a driving licence or a reference from a professional who has known the person for longer than three months .                                   
We also considered the potential impact on any subsequent investigation and ongoing measures we were taking to prevent potential future attacks .                                                     
However , he failed to deliver a major title in his final season despite a club record run of 22 consecutive victories before Christmas .                                               
And might it not be true that here , now , in 2016 , there are vast lies we do not even realise we are telling ?                                           
He is now hoping to work with the Canadian government to get his son ' s name removed from the list and doesn ' t understand why his date of birth cannot be used to identify him as someone that should not be on it .     
For instance , when people catch a severe cold , and have to temporarily stop smoking , but there may be other , bigger , events as well .                                       
They have the natural skills to play football , and you need to show a professional side , but you cannot stop the quality that they have .                                         
A December review from the Central Bank of Russia said oil prices should return to $ 50 per barrel by the first half of 2016 , but stay there until at least late 2018 .                           
" A lot of questions were asked about why I chose to come to Poland but it has paid off for me ," said the 26 - year - old .                                   
" I just think the public is very frustrated they have to continue to pay it ," he said in a phone interview Monday .                                               
Of course , in that there will be a debate about what has become known as the Scottish six o ' clock news .                                                 
Apple ' s guidance for revenue in the current quarter , ending in March , is between $ 50 and $ 53 billion .                                                 
The parliament has set up an inquiry into whether the European Commission has done enough to police the car industry , but the Commission also faces counter - pressure from the industry and member states .                         
Company officials said that it was too early to predict how power lines would stand up to the storm but that areas with above - ground lines and tree cover were the most vulnerable .                           
In a world facing the demands of the migrant crisis and conflicts in Syria , Iraq and Yemen , that won ' t be easy .                                             
The only women ' s economic security policy publicly supported by the legislative leadership this year is closing the wage gap .                                                     
You think I ' m going to run a TV ad saying , Hillary Clinton was a conservative Republican , vote for Bernie Sanders .                                               
If they miss it , they can ' t bring the case , and that can certainly push them to move faster than people might expect .                                           
" It ' s a lot different ," Brady said of his current preparation as compared to his earlier in his career when he was single .                                           
" For those first 15 holes or so , I hit the ball great ," said the 29 - year - old .                                                   
Although we expect that vote to take place some time this year , we ' ve not set a particular date for it .                                                 
He describes the warnings Carson received from fellow African American conservatives and other friends about how public opinion would turn on him .                                                   
The President ' s recent gun control push comes after years of failed efforts to pass legislation on the issue .                                                       
We are in a position where the decisions will only now be for football decisions , so if the decision is to lose a young player for the right reasons then we are going to benefit from it as a football club and as a squad .   
" We are confident that this is an isolated incident which poses no threat to the community ," local police said in a statement .                                               
If you ' re not ready for them , they go directly to credit , hanging out there for way too long .                                                   
" We still have an empty seat back there ," Miller said before votes were taken during Friday ' s session .                                                     
The company is in a different cycle than it ' s been over the last , probably five to 10 years .                                                     
" But because there is so much stress and strain on the humanitarian system , I am not sure how much of a difference that will make ," she said .                                   
To nearly all of the black people , it meant that the woman had been married for a while and continued to be married .                                               
The last time I did it was in 2014 , and despite the security crackdown this year I decided to stick to my routine and do it again .                                       
Seven ' s market share slipped in the six months to December but it remains the market leader with a 38 . 5 per cent share , just ahead of Nine ' s 38 . 2 per cent .                   
This was due to an error made by a driver who was employed by a third party company which was operating on our behalf .                                               
" You ' re not talking to police , you don ' t have to give your name and no one will call you back ," she said .                                       
Once supply and demand start to balance out in late 2016 , a situation like the row between Iran and Saudi Arabia could have a greater impact on crude oil prices , its report found .                         
The players have that experience against Arsenal , I have my experience against Arsenal but in the end I think we should find a present plan for this game .                                     
But when you look at the bigger picture , there has not been a huge amount of impact from the result .                                                     
The final index for new orders was 54 . 2 , up from a preliminary 54 . 1 and a final 53 . 6 in the previous month .                                       
About 25 percent of doctors had surgery in the last six months of life , compared to about 27 percent of the general public .                                               
" This is an important opportunity for both Canada and Europe and I ' m looking forward to getting it signed ," he said .                                               
People in Edinburgh would pay double for a house to get close to a school that had the same standards as you would get for free at many rural schools .                                   
I find that making the food that she made makes me feel closer to her even thought she ' s no longer here .                                                 
The man ' s name was not available immediately , and details of the circumstances of the crash could not be learned .                                                   
He ' s worked really hard to stay there for us and it couldn ' t be a bigger day to be there for us .                                             
A national poll also released by Fox on Friday showed Clinton maintaining a lead in the Democratic field with 54 percent to Sanders ' 39 percent .                                           
They have failed to hold the government to account and they have failed to put forward to a positive alternative vision for our country .                                               
The people who will fill them will be nominated by the president for three - year terms and confirmed by the board .                                                   
And the House districts are so safe on both sides now , it ' s hard to see a 2014 switch in party control .                                               
" When airlines are buying planes it is for 20 years or more , it ' s a long - term decision , not about a year or 18 months ," Williams added .                             
It will have a legal duty of care to make sure you are safe , help you resolve problems if things do go wrong , and often pay up front if you need to extend your stay , for example .               
As a lot of these consumer internet companies are all about brand , American and Chinese companies have an unfair advantage .                                                     
It ' s really not going to do much in the case of a blast , it ' s more there for getting shot .                                               
There were several times where it could go either way , and it just shows you how competitive and tough it is to win on the road .                                         
But for M & A , I ' m not very optimistic that we can find large , very good deals .                                                     
More than 100 participants have shown up for the association ' s information sessions on the end of the sanctions regime , it said .                                               
You can make the case in either scenario that an opening could be created for an establishment candidate -- most likely Rubio .                                                   
In December , the state governor declared a state of emergency as money ran out and hospitals cut services or closed units .                                                   
He said this would include consideration of a " Scottish six " news programme as part of a wider review of the BBC ' s news services .                                         
The factor that was most important in bringing the budget back into balance over the long term was strong economic growth .                                                     
Bloomberg , however , would be able to see from his polling what states he could win and how many electoral votes that would amount to .                                           
I ' ve still got a lot of work to do , but the game feels good and I ' m excited for the challenge ahead .                                           
However , a list of Britain ' s worst - dressed men brought bad news for some well - known television stars .                                                   
" He does have fairly a conservative position on issues like that , so he probably would find he ' s talking to people with similar views , perhaps ," Mr Turnbull told Network Ten ' s The Project .                 
A source said : " They think he had an infection in his eye and he just couldn ' t see .                                                       
Today , a number of events throughout Ireland and the United States , will celebrate women ' s contributions to home , community , health , politics and business .                                     
The Interior Ministry spokesman pointed Reuters toward that website , which gives information on all people detained as militant suspects , but gave no further comment .                                           
It does not seek to change law at a national level , but the concept of marriage and the family is used widely in cross - border EU law on issues such as access to benefits and human rights .                 
" Andy continues to progress well , he ' s doing just what he ' s supposed to do ," Lewis told reporters on Wednesday .                                             
It comes as the ballot paper which voters will be presented with was released in draft legislation published on the government ' s website .                                               
It ' s not an easy conversation to have with a chief executive ... but I think it should be accepted that it ' s normal .                                           
Here is a list of all those shows you ' ve been meaning to watch or completely missed that are solid gold .                                                   
From last year ' s loss ( at Carolina in a wild - card game ), we made that nice step .                                                     
On Thursday officials at South Korea ' s presidential Blue House did not confirm either of the reports , South Korean news service News 1 reported .                                           
On Wednesday , after a series of requests for comment from Reuters , Microsoft said it would change its policy and in future tell its email customers when it suspects there has been a government hacking attempt .                     
Top GOP officials worry that if you ' re at the top of the ticket - some officials - that not only will you lose the White House , but it will tank the ticket all the way down the line .             
The journalist told news . com . au she was more disappointed than anything by the suggestion she should not be working while in her later stage of pregnancy .                                     
" I was very lucky to have that opportunity , I ' d have a knife put through me otherwise ," the victim said at Victoria Police headquarters on Friday .                                   
Not only that , he went on to lie to the sport ' s governing bodies to avoid a ban following a positive drug test .                                             
Iran and Saudi Arabia each backed opposite sides in Syria ' s civil war , as well as in the civil war in Yemen .                                               
" We are right now , as everybody knows , in a very tough campaign in Iowa and going on to New Hampshire ," Sanders said .                                           
An extended interest - free period might attract those looking to buy time , but customers can expect to pay higher fees on the balance transfer itself .                                         
We call out because bags have been left at the door , or clothes and shoes are still on the floor .                                                     
The post has drawn hundreds of comments of praise on Facebook , where it has been shared more than 55 , 000 times .                                                 
For this reason , all and any activity at the wheel of a car that requires the use of your hands for anything other than driving the car should be banned in the same way as mobile phone use .                 
We ' re looking at a range of about 13 - 18 for most spots , but perhaps closer to 20 downtown .                                                   
After playing practice rounds , I thought it would be somewhere around 20 or 21 - under , so that part surprised me .                                                 
Our highly experienced team , combined with the industry ' s number one cloud product will create a market - leading solution .                                                   
He ' s got a lot of issues even social conservatives are worried about , like his stance on marriage , and you ' re giving him a pass .                                     
It ' s one of those things you just have to realize you ' re not the only one playing in the cold so just go out there and play .                                   
I had always thought to myself from a young age that yes it is about making your debut but also about performing and scoring hundreds .                                             
But I think he needs people who have been there before and if not for anything else , just someone to speak to .                                                 
" I just sent a message saying , " I am looking for someone and I really want to play with you .                                                     
Then the experiment began , and I did not look at my phone or computer for the next three days .                                                       
And we certainly don ' t want to send a signal to investors that things could change near the finish line ," the source told the newspaper .                                         
Many of the Afghan lawyers I spoke with were critical of aspects of those programs , but several also had positive things to say .                                               
It is a difficult squad to lead , but he throughout his career and throughout his life also has always been able to face up to huge challenges .                                       
After the first set , he started returning incredibly well , and he caught fire after a couple of games in the second .                                                 
We tried and wanted to help him , as we knew we would have a lot of public support , funds were not the issue .                                             
The federal government said the state had lead authority over the gas storage facility and efforts to protect public health .                                                       
It has helped me , coming in , scoring goals , getting into the Scotland team and then falling out of the team .                                                 
It ' s not an unusual schedule - I guess it just highlights how hard people in local government work .                                                       
They recently asked Chief Justice John G . Roberts Jr . to keep the map from taking effect until after the 2016 election ; a decision on that request has not yet been made .                           
When I arrived he was not totally fit , I don ' t know exactly what happened between August and the beginning of November .                                               
It ' s true that these are independent films , which are frequently off the Academy ' s radar - but not always .                                                 
" There are trees everywhere , they ' re all over the road , and there ' s no power ," he said .                                                 
" In this moment with no centre - back fit , I would say it is a situation where we have to think about going into the transfer market ," he said .                               
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie found themselves with more room to make their case to voters seeking a more mainstream candidate .                                                     
He ' s got a different style and technique coming from Poland , but he ' s been fantastic and he ' ll do well .                                             
The changes , which would have to be approved by the Republican - controlled Congress , would build on the president ' s previous efforts to improve retirement security .                                     
The tobacco industry makes a profit of more than £ 4 , 000 for every UK death caused by tobacco .                                                       
After three 10 - year terms - or if they have been nominated for an Oscar - members will receive lifetime voting rights .                                                 
I had a good talk with him last week and he is focusing on a couple of things to improve his game .                                                   
At least 30 per cent of residents need to respond to the consultation , and two - thirds of those need to support lower speed limits .                                           
These times and these challenges demand a grown up to be our candidate ," said Christie , a former federal prosecutor .                                                     
It is unclear what actions , if any , American officials took after the ambassador ' s remarks in Paris .                                                       
" It ' s always going to be in the back of your mind ," said the second - year centre .                                                     
We are going to be addressing some of the social and emotional issues that come with being a young man in this society right now .                                             
We had a long talk and I was delighted to find they had the same vision of the show that I did .                                                   
We offer friendly assistance to meet your individual needs be it dining , culture , entertainment , fashion , theater , shopping , or sports .                                             
I am prepared to back this sense of confidence by increasing my holding in the company over the coming days .                                                       
The Syrian crisis is often described as a crisis of migration , but that ' s not how it began .                                                       
I used to play football regularly but because of the injury to my leg am not able to do so ," he complained .                                                 
This film is very special , the music is going to be very special and I can ' t wait for everyone to experience it all .                                           
We understand that not everyone has access to the Internet or has an email account , so projects like this make a real difference .                                               
Then they said if you want to go professional , if you want to go down that line of work , you ' re not tall enough or fast enough .                                   
We ' ve worked together for nine years , since I was 15 , pretty much since the start of all this .                                                   
When the chances of survival are widely different , it may be clear - cut to give the child with better odds the medicine .                                               
The hope is that the new approach will focus the immune system to kill cancer cells more effectively by engaging natural killer cells .                                                 
On Friday night , Trump and Bush got into a Twitter fight about the video , and Trump kept it going on Saturday .                                                 
" We wanted somewhere [ in Canada ] where we could just lock the door and leave ," she says .                                                       
The Fund forecast on Tuesday that the world economy would grow at 3 . 4 per cent in 2016 and 3 . 6 per cent in 2017 , both down 0 . 2 percentage point from the previous estimates made last October .           
We spend a lot of time and energy tracking social media , tracking what ' s going on the internet , and taking down offensive and dangerous material .                                       
He actually thought it was a good idea to take all television - related matters in - house just two months before the tournament .                                               
If all goes to plan , the brothers hope to have as many as 20 sites in five years " time .                                                     
With a record delivery of half a million Green newspapers we ' re showing how serious we are about getting our message to as many people as possible .                                       
Even if completed before the games start , some delayed facilities may not be able to be tested before official competition .                                                     
The U . S . is trying to move in a direction where the Gulf has to be responsible for its own security .                                                 
Of the children attending the school , 43 per cent are entitled to free school meals -- nearly three times the national average of 15 per cent .                                         
This includes the grounds on which an abortion can be obtained , and how many weeks into the pregnancy an abortion is legal - which currently stands at 24 weeks in Wales , England and Scotland .                       
He knows he can trust his Foreign Secretary to stay out of trouble , by the simple but effective means of saying nothing of interest .                                             
The airline came under investigation after what the agency said was a " significant increase in the number of disability - related complaints " from passengers .                                           
" It would ' ve been a loss without those guys ," Williams said of West Virginia ' s small - ball approach .                                                 
The FBI is indeed conducting interviews to determine whether or not State Department officials sent or received emails containing classified information .                                                     
For big consumer nations , lower oil prices act like a tax cut and therefore provide the equivalent of a fiscal boost .                                                   
According to the United Nations " humanitarian organization , 8 percent of the nearly 1 million refugees and migrants who have arrived in Europe by sea this year were Iraqi - nearly 80 , 000 people .                       
And he ' ll stop illegal immigrants by building a wall on our southern border that Mexico will pay for .                                                       
Don ' t blame me or my team as there was no middle men , for whatever reason they never wanted to fight me .                                               
Among other changes , it said full - time employees would be able to carry over up to 80 hours of paid time off from one year to the next .                                   
" It ' s not an exact science ," he said of trying to predict how many workers might yet be diagnosed with the disease .                                             
The Democrats , behind Hillary Clinton , are seeking four more years for a collection of policies that have already failed .                                                     
The focus at Thursday ' s debate was on the seven candidates who shared the stage more than one who wasn ' t there .                                               
And I think that if you don ' t have any experience in how government works , if you have never been in government , your ability to make the government work is going to be significantly reduced .                   
What they did for my mum shows it is not just words , it is action and how well they treat people at the club .                                             
In the United States , without the language and other differences found in Europe , nearly one American in three lives in a different state from where they were born .                                   
Cleveland shot 47 percent from the field and scored 30 or more points in each of the first three quarters .                                                       
Young Bill is , of course , just a junior officer - with nothing to lose at this stage of the political war .                                                 
It ' s their home court , it ' s going to happen in every Big East game , especially when you ' ve got one of the best players in the country and one of the best players in the conference .           
The number of asylum seekers crossing the German border from Austria every day fell to some 700 over the last several days from more than 2 , 000 earlier in the year .                               
We want to get our team that we ' re going to go to war with and start the process , so it ' s important to find a really good one .                               
Both Thomas Cook and Thomson , for example , are still selling breaks to the resort beyond their self - imposed red - letter date of March 23 .                                       
I tell you , just the thought and I feel as if my life ' s about to begin again .                                                       
I think that if you are the owner of a club , you must have the option to replace the manager if they win the title or not .                                       
There , he hoped to receive official status as a refugee and qualify for settlement in another country , Ms . He said .                                                 
He said : " You know they have just got up and either walked out the door or got straight into the car .                                                   
The birthday party , which was attended by family , friends and even relatives who flew in from the United States , was held in a reception hall not far from the mayor ' s offices .                       
However , as indicated in our November trading update , increased labour costs will be an important factor in the outcome for this financial year .                                             
We thought we could bowl them out and leave us a reasonable total but it wasn ' t to be .                                                       
But they left open the possibility that these rules could be changed , following public consultation , if there was evidence that such advice is likely to be more effective .                                   
You have to manage a way through it and we have to try and find better players , of the right quality , who can help us escape out of the bottom three .                             
" I promise you in the coming period you will see something different that will surprise everyone in terms of military action ," he said .                                             
That would be the opposite of what would be expected in a " currency war " aimed at gaining an export advantage .                                                   
" They have not been charged with anything and there is no reason to expect they will be ," she said .                                                     
But then there will be moments when in a two - hour session he will take apart any attack in the world .                                                   
I think we lead very different lives ... It ' s sort of strange to be associated with someone that ' s doing such different stuff than me .                                       
At the time , the country ' s education minister said he did not want to promote the values in the book .                                                   
You see a lot of moves and tactics by the candidates , but eventually it all comes down to who scores .                                                     
" A million last year , maybe two million this year - they have no idea whether these people are genuine refugees or asylum seekers , or economic migrants , or terrorists operating under the cover of either ," Dr Fox warned .           
The report claims that initial contact has been made to discuss whether the French champions would be willing to sell the highly - rated central defender .                                           
The " emergency " rate of 0 . 5 per cent that has stood since 2009 is starting to feel like a permanent part of economic life .                                         
That same day , 130 people were killed in Paris by terrorists , and ISIS claimed credit for the attack .                                                       
The youngest victim was an 11 - year - old and six 12 - year - olds have also been targeted , figures from 35 forces show .                                         
Safety is always our number one priority and Virgin Australia would never put its passengers , crew or aircraft at risk .                                                     
Merkel told a meeting of a members of her Christian Democratic Union party on Saturday that despite efforts to help refugees , it was important to stress that they had only been given permission for a limited stay .                   
But he is far from alone among Republican candidates in having a financial relationship with the Wall Street investment bank in recent years .                                                 
Its same - store sales in China rose 4 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015 , the second straight quarter of growth after four quarters of falling sales .                                     
" Trump would be a disaster , not only for foreign direct investment in the U . S . from the Middle East , but also for the U . S .- China economic relationship ," he says .                   
If you can ' t negotiate your terms in the interview , you aren ' t going to get what you want once you start working .                                           
The news report also noted another shooting incident at a nearby residence , but it wasn ' t immediately clear whether it was related to the school shooting .                                       
I have a lot of options in that part of the field , there was a lot of competition , and he was not happy not to play .                                       
The free market was probably a good part of the reason [ Mark ] couldn ' t afford health care in the first place .                                               
He returned to McDonald ' s in 2013 as chief brand officer , having held previous roles including its head of Europe .                                                   
If somebody has no money and they ' re lying in the middle of the street and they ' re dying , I ' m going to take care of that person and try and get them back to health .               
A key break in the case came from one phone number with a north Georgia area code , court records show .                                                     
North Korea pulled out of " six - party talks " with South Korea , the United States , China , Russia and Japan over its nuclear program in 2009 .                                   
When Celtic spend that type of money , you expect to see a bit of evidence on the park that they are improving but those two players on the park have done absolutely nothing .                           
Over the coming 12 months you will find yourself having to go back and change things you said and did over the past 12 months .                                             
But on Thursday , the mystery of what happened on the plane , which captured headlines in Britain and beyond , remained unclear .                                                 
He was on the board for decades , so clearly the company is going to have some influence from him .                                                       
In a perfect world , what he ' d do is come in and talk about ... what ' s the future like for national security in this country , what ' s he going to do to change his ways ?             
Of course , the advocates of continued EU membership argue that if we are not in , then we cannot shape its rules .                                                 
Arsenal missed their chance to go back to the top of the Premier League after being forced to play with 10 men for much of the 1 - 0 home defeat by London rivals Chelsea on Sunday .                     
The White House repeated its arguments that the agreement was meant " to address one issue only ," meaning Iran ' s pursuit of a nuclear weapon , and that adding terrorism as a condition after the fact would amount to bad faith .         
When it did hit , which was most of the time , it laid down rules and set new marks for others to follow .                                               
" He wants this club into the Championship as soon as he can , and he ' s got the heart to do it ," Cook says .                                         
" We have come out very clearly as a question of principle , and we will continue to do so ," he continued .                                                 
" They had fun then , but things never got serious ," a source told People of the pair ' s romantic past .                                                 
Both Kevin and Anthony have won league and cup medals , and that experience will be important in the run - in .                                                   
There are two images of a man and a woman standing next to each other in the first seconds of Donald Trump ' s first television campaign ad .                                       
" When I put [ the video ] on Facebook , basically it was just for our friends and family to see how happy she was ," Kim said .                                     
But the longer it went on without them getting another , the more we began to believe we had a chance .                                                     
An estimated 80 percent of people infected have no symptoms , meaning it can be hard to tell if a pregnant woman has been infected .                                             
You have to be happy as a Manchester United fan that we are in the next round and that we have won two matches in a row .                                         
This approach worked for Canada in the 25 years after the Second World War , when the opportunities were in natural resources .                                                   
" I didn ' t think I would shoot 30 - under , especially the first week of the year ," he admitted .                                                 
She has this idea that men are the man of the house , men are the leaders and men go to work and the mothers stay home .                                         
" It ' s a home tie and a chance to progress to the next round , which is what we wanted ," he said .                                             
It is now a joy for me to be in a place where , although having spent 20 years not talking about my faith ... one can talk more openly about it .                               
At the beginning of last year , as the election season began , it seemed clear that no candidate for President was going to make such reform central to his or her campaign .                             
The actress said she now understands how her mother struggled to protect her girls even when she herself was in pain .                                                     
It attracted an average of only $ 1 . 1 billion of foreign direct investment annually between 1996 and 2004 , before major economic sanctions were imposed on it , according to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development .               
But not so many notice if someone hasn ' t stuck their head out the door for a few days .                                                       
I had a chance to talk to Eddie ( on Monday ), and that was pretty much the majority of our whole conversation .                                                 
The 21 - year - old man and his brother are long - term German residents , while the two 14 - year - olds live in Switzerland and the Netherlands .                                 
He has argued that as a child of a U . S . citizen born abroad he is a " natural born " citizen of the United States .                                       
I ' m a confident boy and I feel as if I get back to the form that I showed at the start of the season then I can get myself back in this team .                         
An estimated 17 . 6 million Americans were victims of identity theft in 2014 , according to Justice Department figures .                                                       
Apple also reported $ 75 . 9 billion in revenue , less than the $ 76 . 67 billion that analysts had expected .                                                 
The funeral home ' s alarm system did not sound , leading police to believe no break in occurred , police said .                                                   
But the answer is , of course , " v ," since these are the initial letters of the days of the week - in French .                                             
" It is important that we get all the answers we need over how this outbreak emerged ," he said .                                                       
He condemned Israel ' s shooting of rock - throwing protesters , saying that many Palestinian protests were peaceful as he called for an international peace summit , similar to the Iran nuclear deal .                           
However , I told my wife I was sexually attracted to her best friend who I have known for 14 years .                                                     
Your policy may pay out a small amount for very long delays ( usually over 12 hours ), but not usually enough to pay for more than a meal or two .                                 
Out - of - town visitors who were trapped here spent money on hotels and restaurants that they otherwise would not have .                                                   
As the day went on and I decided to play , I started to focus a little bit better but definitely on the court tonight I was more emotional than normal .                                 
If there ' s no president on the ballot , you just have one way to send a message : We are fed up with this , and the only message we can send is through the House and Senate .               
Seven months it ' s been the journey , the mental strain , the focus that it requires to be able to have sustained success like we were able to this year .                               
The proportion of island residents who were born in England increased from 13 per cent in 2001 to 16 per cent in 2011 .                                                 
They have to defend 25 seats , compared to eight for Republicans , which is essentially the 2016 election in reverse .                                                     
The Fed raised rates in December because it thought the fact that unemployment is pretty normal means that inflation would eventually pick up too , and it wanted to make sure it didn ' t rise too much .                   
Obama : " Since paid sick leave won where it was on the ballot last November , let ' s put it to a vote right here in Washington .                                       
Under cover of Russian air power , Mr Assad ' s forces have made progress around the second city of Aleppo and in southern Syria where Western - backed forces have held out for four years .                       
You may not get too many opportunities when you are younger so to come on and do as well as he did , I ' m really pleased for him .                                   
By focusing on the interests of all those involved , it may be possible to better engage communities in the decisions that affect them .                                               
Not only is Iran ' s re - entry on the global market expected to increase supplies , but Iraq has also been increasing production rapidly .                                           
Management keeps track of which employees live near which restaurants -- not necessarily at the ones they usually work at -- so that in a storm , they can walk to a shift if it ' s safe and they feel comfortable doing so .       
After the success of her debut album Frank in 2003 , Back to Black became the top - selling album of 2007 .                                                   
A source inside the medical centre told Fox 5 News that the shots appear to have come from building 26 at the centre , which is also known as the old hospital .                               
There is also access to hundreds of free training classes , technical content plus 4 break - fix phone support incidents .                                                     
That leaves open the possibility that any one of the three teams - or any combination of them - could play in L . A . next season .                                       
I think whatever exercise program that you are going to take , use common sense , and start off slowly .                                                       
Fox News Channel said on Thursday it would join with Google to host the Republican presidential primary debate to be held on Jan .                                                 
It made no sense to me for them to show up and make a big deal out of something that was a small thing .                                               
Johnson & Johnson forecast 2016 sales below analysts " estimate and reported a 2 . 4 per cent drop in sales for the fourth quarter , hurt by a strong dollar .                                 
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders " campaigns have agreed to meet for four new debates over the coming months - in theory .                                                   
When cars were pulled over , the result was almost always a warning , not the $ 30 fine that had been announced .                                                 
After a person from Switzerland informed us he recognized a relative of his in that photograph , we decided to start working on the project .                                             
" It could be a matter of one day , two days , three days ," he added , saying Mexican authorities still had to make the necessary transport arrangements .                                   
From what I ' ve seen in the press , it ' s going to be one rule for U . S . people and one rule for U . K . people , which I think is wrong .                 
If we could have changed players more often , then no one would have had this intensity , but you cannot have 40 or 50 players .                                           
And now - less than a year into his parliamentary career - he ' s been infected with the virus .                                                       
The fund paid out about $ 75 - million in 2013 and $ 40 - million in 2014 before it was ended on Aug .                                               
And if there ' s conflict there ' s an argument , and there ' s two sides of the argument , and , therefore , one must advocate for one side of the argument , just as much as a lawyer does in court .     
I ' m confident this support will continue throughout the course of this investigation and I urge anyone who has information that might assist with this ongoing effort to contact police .                                 
His death takes the State ' s road toll to 6 as compared to 11 for the same time last year .                                                     
The powers that be in New Zealand cricket are always looking to grow the game and to get the chance to play in America was pretty unique .                                         
It is also possible that a completely different and better deal would be possible for the UK : a British solution , rather than a Swiss or Norwegian one .                                     
The suspect was present at the search and signed at the conclusion that there was no damage to property or harm to the person .                                               
" You can ' t imagine how this feels for someone who has been working inside the system for this long ," he said .                                               
So a lot of people that usually use one or the other , if they can pick them up in the same place , you ' re encouraging more mixed use .                                 
Mr Cameron had earlier set out his plans for how the government will conduct itself in the lead - up to the referendum , to be held before the end of 2017 .                               
Duncan Jones confirmed in a tweet his father had passed away after an earlier statement published on the star ' s official Facebook page revealed he had been suffering from the disease .                               
Some guys may find themselves , for no other reason other than that , not playing many minutes or not playing at all -- not because they ' re not good enough or they ' re not doing their job .               
He would also like to require employers to offer retirement plans to part - time workers who have worked for the company more than 500 hours a year for at least three years .                             
The next step will see the rules laid before MPs in parliament , who will then be asked to vote on the date of the referendum .                                           
She ' s very consistent , as well - one player that ' s always consistently winning and training and working hard .                                                   
There was no damage to Olympic facilities and no injuries at the site , which is still under construction ahead of the planned Aug .                                               
Anderson ' s 1 - yard scoring run with 5 : 24 left in the third gave Denver a 14 - 13 lead .                                                 
The Scottish Government has been urged to help the North Sea offshore industry as the price of oil fell to $ 32 . 62 per barrel .                                           
29 ( UPI ) -- DNA in normal breast tissue can indicate a woman ' s risk for developing breast cancer , according to a new study at University College London .                                   
But surely , before the British people vote , they are entitled to know what a renewed commitment to the EU would mean for our immigration policy and border controls .                                   
Mr Cameron will announce that the amount of government money spent on relationship support will double from £ 35 million to £ 70 million over the next five years .                                     
In this regard , I note that the Government is committed to keeping transfer duty rates as low as possible .                                                       
International passengers were up 4 . 3 per cent at 13 . 7 million , while the domestic market rose 2 . 3 per cent to 25 . 9 million , according to figures released by Sydney Airport .                   
Technology companies counter that in many cases their products brought freedom of expression to parts of the world that had never experienced it before .                                               
" We receive some criticism that we did not get the results away but I think the way to try to achieve the results is not to think of playing a more defensive way ," he said .                     
The event , set to take place on February 23 , will take place in Saint Luke ' s - a converted church venue .                                               
The United manager said : " They are thinking that we could not score and maybe because of the traffic to leave a few minutes earlier .                                             
" The key thing that has made Israel successful is access to capital and government policies that make it very attractive to invest ," Park said .                                           
After last year ' s coup , some of the elite guards fled with their weapons , and on Tuesday the army published names and photos of nine former officers who are still on the run .                       
Since then I think there have been players in my position who are already in the Premier League and who are then naturally going to get picked over someone in the Championship .                               
In the previous few home games we hadn ' t scored too many goals , teams have come and made it really hard for us so we were determined to get that early goal as we knew the game might open up after that .       
Cleveland lead the East and All - Star head coaches are selected based on the teams which have the best records in each conference two weeks prior to the game .                                   
The average gun recovered in a criminal investigation by law enforcement in the United States in 2013 had been purchased at retail more than 11 years earlier , according to federal data .                               
Also , four of the studies included in the new analysis found e - cigarettes may help people quit smoking .                                                       
Not only have the Republican ranks grown , but the members themselves have become more conservative , and the number of moderate Democrats has declined .                                             
Rather than a direct attack , however , Japan is more concerned that debris from a missile test could fall on its territory .                                                 
Despite the striker having suffered with injuries this term , his double against Palace took him onto 10 goals in just 15 appearances this term .                                             
He said : " You are never going to hear me say that Britain could not succeed outside the European Union .                                                       
They sit there for a long time and they don ' t have proper clothes and they ' re completely wet when they arrive .                                               
It may seem as if all the great things you planned to do will now never come about , but don ' t be so negative .                                           
He later said he did not think it would apply in such cases because race is a " protected class " under anti - discrimination laws .                                           
He made key plays through the late comeback , including a 40 - yard catch on fourth down that extended a late drive to his own fourth - down , 4 - yard touchdown .                           
" Last Thursday I placed a telephone call to the mayor , and I told him that my view was the city needed help and I wanted to help the city and that we needed to work together to get to a solution ," Christie said .   
In many ways , it is an old story , but it is also something that takes a long time to properly investigate .                                                 
Nick could start at Fairfax High School , which taught the language , after winter break , exactly two months after his suspension .                                                 
Muslims in the US told The Telegraph on Monday how Mr Trump ' s words have made them feel threatened in their own cities .                                               
A lot of effort went into the game and at times we played some good stuff against a class team .                                                       
" This was a once in a life opportunity , they couldn ' t let it go ," one person familiar with the deal told Reuters .                                           
In the settlement he would not allow it to be said that I had ever helped him with anything , which wasn ' t true .                                             
If we can go out and win races and have an opportunity , trust me , I ' ll be ready .                                                     
I have to thank her for allowing me to play and sort of stay here with everything that was going on .                                                     
All we know is that the police at the scene perceived that it was mostly young men aged 18 to 35 from the Arab or North African region ," he added .                                 
In the Democratic presidential primary , a woman ranks as the odds - on favorite to win the party ' s presidential nomination .                                                 
If campaigns are always about the future , the 2016 campaign points to a country that could end this year even more divided against itself than it was after the 2012 election .                               
That ' s an edge they would have over us , but we are going in ­ prepared to get it done .                                                   
He ' s reportedly troubled by the prospect of Bernie Sanders being the Democratic nominee and either Trump or Cruz being the Republican nominee .                                               
That may , of course , be because certain member states of the EU need the UK more than we might need them , but it ' s always good to be wanted - and even better to be told that that ' s the case .   
When you come to a new environment in the middle of January and are thrown in the deep end , which is what I did , it ' s different .                                   
" The message he gave to my generation after the war , what I keep is to be strong enough to be yourself - that was very important ," he said .                                 
He takes over as chairman of Sky - which is 39 per cent owned by Fox - from Nick Ferguson , who steps down from the Sky board at the end of July after 12 years as a director .                 
" All that time he was like a great father to me and I ' m very grateful ," she told the website .                                                 
After all is said and done , the group claims , taxpayers would lose nearly 1 percent of their income after taxes .                                                   
The group , which has annual revenues of 6 . 8 billion pounds , failed to provide enough security guards for the London 2012 Olympics and the army had to fill the gap .                             
Land - side , the hotel is surrounded by a quiet residential zone half - way between the beaches and the city centre , two miles away .                                         
" I don ' t think me and John necessarily dealt with it the best we could ," Murray said of his two previous major finals .                                           
They said that identity checks would be carried out , and asked that residents be patient with the increased security measures .                                                     
We ' ll just deal with it , and hopefully he ' s back to 100 per cent and playing the way he can .                                               
The proposed new set - up would only see a " minimum amount of data " being shared , according to its consultation .                                                 
Three weeks into a new year , as we get ready to celebrate Australia Day and this great country we live in .                                                   
I ' m really proud of the work we did , not just this go around but over the last ten years .                                                   
" We started the week saying that we need to be consistent in the secondary , consistent in the rush and that was going to do it for us ," Miller said .                               
It ' s easy to feel like just another room number in a hotel but we aim to keep on making people feel special and looked after .                                         
But while the testing has been widely condemned by women and human rights activists , it appears the army ' s top boss doesn ' t have a problem with it .                                 
They were advised to use the bank ' s mobile banking application but some reported access difficulties due to high demand .                                                     
Though Oklahoma did not score in the final five minutes , it did plenty of work in the first 35 to earn a road win .                                             
Your connection to the charity in question is also very important , so it could help if you explain why you want it to benefit , especially if you have a close relationship with the organisation because it has helped you or your family .       
Brown added : " I feel I ' ve really developed as a player since joining Glasgow and I ' m enjoying my rugby .                                                 
Khan denied that the province ' s more than 100 , 000 government and private schools were shut because of militant threats , despite recent warnings that militants were planning to attack educational institutions .                           
The Church of England leadership is seriously out of step with its members , and even more so with society at large .                                                   
NFL Network reported Sunday that none of the three teams eager to move has the support of ownership required to move at this time .                                               
These guys -- what they ' re doing is incredible , but I looked at it and I watched yesterday in particular .                                                   
That made her not only the highest - paid Apple executive in that year ' s filing , but the highest - paid female executive overall on some lists .                                     
The two have since made up , and in the interview , even joke about hosting next year ' s competition together - with Miss Colombia reading the card , of course .                               
31 , the stock has gained an average of 9 . 14 per cent with positive results recorded in 21 of the past 25 periods .                                             
" He will continue meetings with other participants in the talks and with representatives of the civil society subsequently ," it said .                                                   
But he was forced to defend his Government ' s response to the report , which has been criticised as too weak .                                                   
For all the talk about the division in our party , I see a strong consensus among Republicans on many if not most major issues .                                             
Many come for two or three breaks a year , which means we get to know them and their families and have the chance to catch up on what they ' re been up to .                         
It ' s not about me making my debut it ' s about being a role model , an inspiration for other kids ... black African kids .                                         
" My guess is that most , but not all , clothing retailers will have been affected in a similar way ," he said .                                               
I watched the series in the order of release - 4 , 5 , 6 , 1 , 2 , 3 - because it makes no less narrative sense to do so .                               
For example , they might look at how often a president of a different party is elected when the U . S . economy is growing at only slightly above 2 percent , as it is now .                     
We need to find the perfect solution and that is not too easy but we have our eyes open and will watch the market .                                               
The first is that he " didn ' t even take the clubs out of the flight bag for eight weeks " after finishing up his 2015 season with victory in Dubai in November .                           
I ' m playing in the top league but he ' s doing well for Rangers and he can only do what he ' s doing , same as me .                                   
The Sanders plan also makes it sound as though Americans would never again have to worry about not having coverage for some treatments , or about not being able to see their preferred doctors .                           
You will , though , need to look ahead and plan carefully if you want to make the most of 2016 .                                                     
So , to me , if I didn ' t take care of everyone , the world would fall apart - as a child , you sort of get these messages .                                 
( In truth , I barely watch TV at this point : I merely listen to it , while my eyes jump to some other , smaller screen .                                       
The water jets cost about $ 1 , 000 each and are being installed in all schools in New York City as a result of the study , according to researchers .                                 
It has helped me prepare in terms of independent study , as it is very different from the way courses are taught in school .                                               
The proportion of those who work part time , but would rather work full time , is highest in Italy , Spain and Ireland , at around one - in - 10 workers .                             
A new report from the Alzheimer ' s Society says standards of care are especially poor in some hospitals , where one quarter of patients have the condition .                                       
In 2013 an internal video of him telling troops to shape up or " get out " went viral , prompting a cultural shift within Australia ' s armed forces .                                   
It ' s enough that people are trying to move their money out of the country before things get any worse - which , of course , is making things worse .                                 
It was relief that after all the build up we ' d won ," said the 21 - year - old .                                                     
Like it or love it or hate it or whatever , you ' ve got to respect it and as professionals we ' ve got to be ready for the game .                                 
It ' s not yet clear how long it will take to restore healthy water , and political trust , in Flint .                                                   
But 13 and 14 - year - olds saw their weekly income rise from £ 12 . 20 to £ 14 . 10 and 16 - year - olds saw it almost double .                             
And one of the things we have to do is we have to have South Korea and Germany and Japan , and all of these countries that we , essentially , protect ( we protect them ) -- they have to start paying .           
We have seen in Glasgow the extra jobs and growth that this kind of deal can bring , and I want to see the same achieved in and around Aberdeen .                                   
Russia ' s Defence Ministry has repeatedly denied targeting civilians , saying it takes great care to avoid bombing residential areas .                                                     
He will also create opportunities for much - needed criminal justice reforms and work to restore relationships between law enforcement officials and the communities they serve .                                           
But he ' s the sort of player that , if your level ' s not quite there , he ' ll make it very tough for you , as he did when I played him at the French Open last year .           
" There is a position that we hold in this community , and if we ' re not part of the solution , we ' re part of the problem ," he explained of the protest .                       
A 21 - year - old who died in Prince George ' s County in July was apparently killed during a robbery , police said Thursday .                                           
They feel they need to be in control of that border area between Iraq , Turkey and Syria , or at least know what ' s going on .                                       
Civil rights groups in the city viewed the Trump company as just one example of a nationwide problem of housing discrimination .                                                     
And yet Murray is clearly feeling a sense of relief that , win or lose , he will be out of Melbourne in the early hours of Monday morning .                                     
The peace talks were due to take place on Monday / tomorrow , but have been held up by a row over who will represent the rebels .                                         
Now , the study holds the potential to become a landmark - the only similar survey was conducted in 1992 - provided that French officials and institutions take its findings into account .                               
In 2013 , U . S . President Barack Obama said the war in Afghanistan " will come to a responsible end " by the end of 2014 .                                       
Just because they are coming to town doesn ' t mean we are going away , Miami can easily support more than two teams .                                               
But that ' s unlikely , he said : " I don ' t thing he has any desire to do with us .                                                   
It now projects U . S . economic growth at 2 . 6 percent for both 2016 and 2017 , down 0 . 2 percentage point in both years from the October forecast .                             
I ' ve played a couple of matches I can tell you , even the big ones , but I think we all get nervous before that right ?                                       
Over five years , the number of hospital trips for those over the age of 75 has risen by 65 per cent , while latest bed blocking levels are among the highest on record .                           
You go a different route and different level with teams who maybe don ' t have that potential , but I feel we are a team who can in the future expect to be involved in these games .                   
Twitter has gained popularity among celebrities , sports stars and politicians , who can use the service to broadcast short messages to millions of people .                                             
To make matters worse , both the Gold Coast City Council and the State Government have blamed each other for the failure .                                                   
The only way I know how to deal with things is to crack on and get back into my rugby .                                                       
He warned people that if immigration officers came to a public place , like a park , not to run because that would give officers cause for an arrest .                                     
Earlier a spokesman said Ms Bowie had been told of her former husband ' s death off camera and had been given the option to leave .                                           
The week , we ' ll go through it and see how he does and see if he ' s holding up and all that .                                             
I thought having a goal would help and that it would help me to get back some of the confidence I lost last year .                                               
The fans are everything at that club , they ' ve stuck by the club through thick and thin and the thing is when they ' re being told they ' re getting players in , they ' ll make sure they get players in .     
That ' s a shift only three countries in Asia have made : Japan , South Korea , and Singapore .                                                       
But the idea that ' designer babies ' are within reach is still science - fiction - the genetic basis for human intelligence or strength , say , is yet to be determined .                             
Over the past few days , the affiliate has launched its most aggressive offensive yet to capture oil towns in central Libya .                                                   
A strong finish in New Hampshire could help Rubio emerge from the pack as an establishment alternative to Trump and Cruz .                                                     
" It ' s quite hard to get into a first team at a Premier League club , especially being an English person ," he says .                                           
By the end of the 20th century , less than a quarter of the workforce was dedicated to these physical and land - based activities .                                             
" I think for Australians coming to the UK to be able to have the opportunity to fit in and make a contribution is a really good thing ," he said on hearing .                             
We have two good , young assets who bring value for the club and I hope they have a big future at Rangers .                                                 
That being said , there were a lot of good things that happened this year - goals that were met , big , big plays , big games .                                       
But it doesn ' t mean that , by the end of March or mid - April , the end of April , that it isn ' t going to be very clear .                             
I ' m not giving you my team , but I ' m fit enough to play , don ' t you worry about that .                                             
That is similar to the results from a poll immediately following the December rate increase , which showed 13 of 19 believed the Fed would raise rates in March .                                     
The ranking for the states with the highest health insurance costs has been updated to reflect this change , with Vermont moving out of the top 10 and Colorado moving up to No .                             
He said : " It was very important to be top of the league at the end of January because now comes a tough February with games against Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester City .                             
" We want to ensure that there is a fair deal for doctors while making sure that we can deliver our commitment of quality , 24 - hour , seven - day care across the NHS ," she said .                 
" That ' s why I ' m doing this , it ' s because I want the position , it ' s because I know the potential of this country , how great the country can be ," Trump said .             
Donald Trump , for example - I mentioned his name again if anybody was missing him - Mr . Trump believed in reaction to people ' s fears that we should ban all Muslims .                           
He appeared to say it to his player ' s box , but he will have to somehow turn his form and attitude around if he ' s any chance of winning his first Australian Open title .                     
I talked to many supporters who are for Trump because they ' re angry with the establishment but they don ' t seem to be following the issues .                                       
We have a new board in place and the people on the board have a good thought process and direction for the Asian Tour , and we will see what comes from it over time .                         
If you reach out and help someone in need over the next few days they will appreciate it very much indeed and will , in turn , reach out and help other people .                             
The mother - of - two from Cardiff said it " felt like Christmas Day " when she found she could tell the time during follow - up tests .                                     
Not only do they keep us up to date with our friends , family , followers and favourite television shows , they can now actually save you money .                                       
The district defended itself by saying that the workers checked that no one was inside before they torn down the buildings .                                                     
He said he might demand a $ 10 million appearance fee for a CNN debate in September and $ 5 million for another CNN debate in December .                                         
And then we got married , it just seemed such the right thing to do , the right time to do it : it was lovely , actually .                                       
" Financial services companies have to review their customer experience , products and services to fit with the new reality ," Mr . Smith says .                                             
However , the two sides are still at odds over the powers of the new office , whose role would be to respond to complaints from EU citizens and data protection authorities over U . S . surveillance practices .                 
However , they agreed that the secret scandal meant he could not accept any of the most high - profile roles , and instead he became secretary of state for trade and industry .                             
The father - of - three has applied to the Supreme Court to be released on bail , arguing he cannot prepare his defence from behind bars .                                         
She lost probably five [ lives ] with this , I think , or maybe even seven , so she ' s got a couple left .                                           
In most situations , I would prefer to take the risk , especially when it comes to fairly low - cost items .                                                   
" They asked me to help destroy the ( North ' s ) system and spread propaganda against the government ," he said .                                                 
Since it was sent ( and posted on Facebook , where it went viral ) she has received " hundreds " of emails in support .                                             
So we have spoken to a few players and it would be nice to get a couple in , just to have fresh faces in the changing room and to try to improve the squad .                         
Two of those ( 2013 and 2015 ) were won in four sets , while the 2011 final was over in straight sets .                                                 
Donald Trump will not attend the next Republican debate , the presidential candidate ' s campaign manager said just minutes after Trump said he " probably " won ' t show up .                               
On the one hand , no one should take advantage of another individual ' s physical labor , she said , even if the law says something else .                                       
The industry has been calling on the Government to offer tax breaks in the upcoming budget in March to ease the pressure on oil and gas firms .                                         
I don ' t know how much bigger Alan ' s budget is than mine but it will be bigger , there ' s no doubt about that .                                       
Police said they recovered security footage that shows three men approach the front of the building just minutes before the shooting .                                                     
The Justice Department " is proud to maintain a close and effective relationship with our Mexican counterparts , and we look forward to continuing our work together to ensure the safety and security of all our people ," she said .               
This explains why so many science and engineering places at university are taken by girls educated in single - sex schools .                                                     
I think it ' s going be to be very hard for them - given their voting records , all of which are quite close to the voting records , say , of Cruz - to divorce themselves from the national issues .           
" All along , I ' ve never really thought this was a serious presidential campaign in that it is actually operating and doing things to get elected ," Robinson said .                                 
NATO allies Turkey and the United States are part of a Washington - led coalition to fight Islamic State in Syria and Iraq .                                                 
If he continues to play the way he ' s been playing but also continues to progress with his game over the years , he can do something that ' s very special around this league .                       
Obama did not cause this Syria problem , and he can ' t fix it alone - but it ' s not going to get fixed without U . S . leadership .                               
And it suggests that there may be more interest or public support for policy ideas aimed at addressing racial inequality than there has been in the recent past .                                       
" The way it is described , is that we are trying to take away everybody ' s guns ," he added .                                                   
This is an exciting group of players and an exciting team which has shown incredible signs , but you can only achieve if you perform for 90 minutes and show the know how .                             
Later on in life , I ' m always open to other opportunities , but for now I want to stick to this idea and make it happen .                                       
" I ' m not too sure to be honest , it ' s for other people to comment on ," he said .                                                 
We just got out of his way , not a lot of coaching -- give it to your best player .                                                       
This week , the country ' s national police chief asked the government for more money and more officers in the wake of the migrant crisis .                                           
" China had a particular approach that it wanted to make , and we agreed and respected to give them space to be able to implement that ," he said .                                   
Police departments across the United States have come under heavy scrutiny since high - profile killings of black men by police officers since mid - 2014 .                                           
If the team needed someone to go over the top and break a leg , this guy would do it .                                                       
If you make a mistake you need to be hard on yourself and say " I don ' t want to feel sorry for myself .                                             
The Prime Minister preferred a make or break vote , which put his reputation , government and the United Kingdom on the line .                                                 
Another way to look at it is they have as much net worth as the bottom half of the American population .                                                     
There should be more ; about two hundred people have filed criminal complaints , and there are a good number of videos of the violence .                                             
It ' s not too late to join him - find out how with our expert guide to getting to Rio 2016 .                                                   
From there , it ' s probably about become the GOP establishment candidate and hoping to knock off Trump and Ted Cruz .                                                   
The figures include the " right to ask ," where information is requested , and " power to tell ," where police can tell potential victims about a threat without being prompted .                               
All " non - emergency personnel " at the base were told to " run , hide or fight ," in a Facebook message posted on the centre ' s official page .                               
" The reason I ' m here is because he didn ' t deserve to be convicted ," she said .                                                       
A range of tickets are available in Scotland including seven - day , 28 - day , multi - journey tickets and annual season tickets .                                             
Ben Williams had 30 minutes to convince a group of eighth - grade boys that they should go to a high school without any girls .                                             
Xi is expected in Iran later in the week , with a further stop in Egypt after he leaves Saudi Arabia .                                                     
In West Miami , where Rubio first got elected as a city commissioner at the age of 26 - and where he still lives - he is surrounded by Cuban immigrants and their children .                           
Toronto police does provide on - duty personnel , where necessary , to assist with security for cases and / or individuals going through the court system .                                         
21 ( UPI ) -- A new poll by Florida Atlantic University shows Donald Trump with more support among likely Republican voters in Florida than all of the other GOP candidates combined .                                 
" This year , I ' ve expanded my game a little bit , being able to shoot it a lot better , and in the open floor I ' m more likely to attack now ," he said .                 
I was to discover on this occasion that the road less travelled , was done so for a very good reason .                                                     
There is just one match left now and that ' s the final ," the 27 - year - old said .                                                     
" People say , " what we ' re hearing , Bernie , is that people like your ideas but they think you can ' t win - you ' re a nice guy , but you can ' t beat the Republicans ,"" Sanders added .     
Although he scored on his debut , he found first - team opportunities hard to come by and hasn ' t made a single appearance this season .                                         
" At this stage it looks like they are going to be in the late morning to early afternoon , but hopefully they will clear up in the late afternoon ," she said .                             
She ' s more comfortable with herself than I ' ve ever seen in terms of her speaking and dealing with people .                                                   
I ' ve been in sub - zero temperatures ever since I was a kid , so people assume I love cold weather .                                                 
Today it is very , very close in Iowa , I think we ' re a little bit ahead in New Hampshire .                                                   
Why wait until the doors are closed before announcing a one - hour delay , as happened to me in Barcelona last year ?                                                 
Some analysts have said that $ 20 a barrel is now not out of the question , or even below that .                                                     
Putin said he saw no way of improving ties with Turkey ' s leadership , while Moscow imposed economic sanctions on Ankara .                                                   
Today ' s victory was for that community and a quick recovery and all of Canada , and I ' m sure the world is behind you .                                         
As much as 45 percent of Germany ' s exports go to China , he noted , compared with around 15 percent for the United States .                                           
So , this has been a year in which gender has , all at once , seemed not to matter and to matter a great deal .                                           
According to the Foundation , Scotland ' s employment rate stood at 74 . 6 per cent immediately before the recession .                                                     
" We are continuing the broadcast at 10 spots on the border Saturday ," a military official told the news agency .                                                     
Djokovic is simply too good for everyone else at the moment , and he ' ll break Murray ' s heart again , most probably in straight sets .                                       
The incident took place on the same day the damage occurred , before a decision was made to close the line .                                                     
Both had arrived at Melbourne Park with question marks over their fitness but look in good shape as they head towards their potential quarter - final meeting .                                         
But then he had some tough years when he was changing partners a lot and maybe was a bit unclear of his direction .                                                 
But to say that the Cruz / Trump phenomenon and the Sanders phenomenon are about the same thing is to miss a big part of it .                                           
This year , county park officials expect that almost 3 , 000 will have to be removed , and they have already started .                                                 
It said 2015 marked " another year of strong growth for the group " and added that it was set for a " substantial " rise in pre - tax profits for the year .                           
There are times when you must speak up and say your piece regardless of the effect it might have on other people , and such a time is now .                                     
There are few better partners in the world than the NHS for anyone working in healthcare - the Google of healthcare should come out of the UK .                                         
And please remember this - my career is proof that with strong leadership our party can win anywhere and everywhere .                                                       
He was not able to shed light on the who , where or what and they are still trying to get all of that piece together .                                           
There is a track problem at the Pentagon City station and Metro said it could take up to an hour for it to be fixed .                                             
" A few months ago , I directed my team at the White House to look into any new actions I can take to help reduce gun violence ," Obama said in the address .                           
The figures come from police reports where the apps are mentioned in the crime report and does not automatically mean the app was used directly by the criminal .                                       
Oil prices have fallen nearly 16 per cent so far in January , bringing total losses since mid - 2014 , when the decline began , to 77 per cent .                                   
The group said then that it added 77 , 000 customers in the three months to the end of September across the UK and Ireland , up 50 per cent on a year earlier .                           
" There is progress being made and the relevant parties to the civil war in Syria are being called together for a meeting so that we can progress a solution that involves a political outcome in Syria ," she told Sky .             
" We don ' t have a strong Europe or a strong United States - you are going to be living in a world that is looking a lot more like the model that the Chinese and Russians are putting out there ," he said .     
The fast - food giant , which began serving breakfast round - the - clock in October , saw same - store sales jump 5 . 7 % in the fourth quarter of 2015 .                           
It is feared that the number of victims could be much higher as not all forces responded , and many do not record ages .                                               
Some people criticised what they called the authorities ' slow response , saying that although the army had begun to clear debris , it appeared to be short of heavy equipment .                                 
If you don ' t , you might find a successful manager coming up here , turning the whole club about , leaving because if you ' re given false promises , why would you stay ?                       
But , as everyone knows from the Scottish independence campaign of autumn 2014 , you don ' t win a referendum simply by telling everyone how wonderful things will be if they vote the way you want them to .                 
" This is totally different to what happened before , as dozens of police would come to stop us in the past ," she said .                                             
At some stage in the next 18 months later , it would be increasingly surprising if United do not at least try to find out .                                             
The coach was caught up in an incident between police and migrants as they approached Calais in the early hours of Sunday morning .                                                 
The exchange rate is also expected to encourage more Americans to buy housing in Canada , where their money now goes much further .                                                 
The council now meets a few times a year with management to talk over issues such as safety , pay and driver training .                                                 
" If Europe is not capable of protecting its own borders , it ' s the very idea of Europe that will be questioned ," he told the BBC on Thursday .                                 
We could have the semi - finals in the first three days , a day of rest and then three days for the final .                                               
That is basically saying that you won ' t be there for your patients even in life - threatening situations .                                                       
It ' s hard to say if he was right about that , but it ' s the kind of long - term thinking few others are capable of .                                     
31 , flat with a year earlier during the crucial holiday shopping season and in line with analysts ' average expectations .                                                     
" We hope his name is cleared and that he can return to the European football family as quickly as possible ," it said .                                               
If you ' re going to buy or sell , you had better be sure you know something all those people don ' t .                                               
Many of [ them ] will come back to the UK if they are able to and pose a threat to us here .                                                 
Now that nuclear - related economic sanctions against Iran are being lifted , many countries are looking forward to a new era of political and economic relations with the Islamic Republic .                                 
She grew up writing her father weekly letters , looking on a map to see where her dad was deployed .                                                       
But in any case , it hardly matters because want has created need , and now he simply must be had at any cost .                                               
The way to preserve a lead is to figure out which voters are going to vote for you and then , on Election Day , get them to the polls .                                   
The spokesman added Obama and Merkel agreed that there could only be a political solution for the Syrian crisis , as well as for the stand - off in Ukraine .                                   
Let ' s face it , with a full time job and a Netflix account , nobody has time to read a book .                                                 
The report comes after it was revealed last month that confidence in the Scottish construction sector fell in the last quarter of 2015 .                                                 
State officials in New York had expected up to 18 inches of snow , but more than 30 inches fell in some places .                                                 
China and Saudi Arabia expressed deep concern about Syria and renewed a call for a peaceful political settlement as soon as possible .                                                   
So we ' ve got to find us a way to get a home win because there were 12 , 000 people here that wanted to win , and I love those fans that are here .                       
Instead , the report says the overall tax burden should not be any higher than in any other part of the United Kingdom - and lower when affordable .                                       
Rangers have been our biggest rivals for a hundred years , so it would change everything if Rangers are back in the league .                                                 
We are making progress in our negotiations and I am confident that , with the right political will , we can secure the reforms that will address the concerns of the British people .                             
The response came even though Clinton ' s chief of staff , who knew about the secretary ' s private account , was aware of the inquiry , the report says .                                 
I wasn ' t at the club when we lost 5 - 1 in the 2012 final - I don ' t think the fans want to talk about it too much !                               
The 23 - year - old defensive tackle picked up the 26 - year - old woman at her home and took her to a Manhattan hotel , where the alleged attempted rape occurred .                           
One woman began a question to him by saying that she ' d seen him in one of the recent debates .                                                     
In the coming months and years we have a huge amount of work to do to deliver on the promises made in Paris ; that means we should all consider doing our own bit to tackle climate change .                   
" I realized that life doesn ' t - you don ' t get forever ," the 79 - year - old told reporters in Seattle .                                           
In the US , many pregnant women are reported to have cancelled planned " baby moon " trips - final holidays before giving birth - amid rising concern .                                       
Six countries , including Austria , Denmark , Germany and Sweden , still have border controls in force in response to the most serious refugee crisis for Europe since World War II .                               
We have no intention of using force or being aggressive or going on the offense , but just as all people have the right to defend themselves , that ' s exactly what that meant -- means .                     
U . S . bank Morgan Stanley said on Tuesday it now sees a 20 percent chance of a 2016 world recession , as defined by sub - 2 . 5 percent growth rate that is needed to keep pace with population gains .         
I suspect Rubio will finish stronger than has been expected , but I ' m not sure his Iowa performance will help him much in New Hampshire .                                         
" If somebody is at a greater genetic risk of cancer , they should be given all the information and support they need and be made aware of all treatment options that could help them ," she said .                   
The two time - periods are linked by both a number of crimes as well as characters who appear in both periods .                                                   
" ( It ' s ) coaching day to day to help develop ideas into companies that can scale across the region and world ," he said .                                           
This is the second time this year that the main railway station in Munich has be evacuated because of a terrorist alert .                                                   
One of these celebrated " the Edinburgh Seven ," the first women to be admitted to a degree programme anywhere in Britain .                                                   
" I think it just got to the point where we were becoming more competitors than partners ," he said .                                                       
" The idea is to ease the psychological pain experienced daily by thousands of frustrated drivers , forced to drive up to the 10th floor of the car park because some need three spaces to feel comfortable ," a spokeswoman said .             
" Sometimes a manager or head coach can say a " player is not for sale ," but the player wants to leave .                                                 
The UK Government announced on December 29 that it was spending £ 50 million to support flood - hit communities , but Scottish ministers have yet to say how they will spend their £ 5 million share of the funds .               
If you have not yet made up your mind about taking a trip of some kind you must get your act together over the next 48 hours .                                         
It ' s a rare alliance for politics , and one that both hope will lead to a victory in November .                                                     
At the moment I don ' t think we could accept that , although we do view the British as our friends and allies .                                               
I felt like I really committed myself ... it ' s just a great thing to be in the final after taking such a long time off .                                         
" While Melbourne didn ' t see the worst of it tonight , there is still a possibility tomorrow ," Mr Stewart said .                                                 
" What our main task will be is to express to older people that there has been nobody in Congress who has fought harder for the needs of senior citizens ," Sanders said .                             
A former senior intelligence officer is set to break ranks and give evidence to a parliamentary inquiry that the Security Service was aware of the abuse of inmates at the American run prison camp .                           
If those who ' d had their housing benefit cut could no longer afford their rent , and had to move out , that would free up their homes for others .                                 
In an indication French authorities do not expect the migrant crisis to go away , permanent buildings for aid agencies will be built alongside the new camp .                                         
And the Australian share market looks set to open lower after US stocks fell one per cent on the last trading day of the 2015 .                                             
What if they could use that scale of attention to do more - let you do your shopping , play games , or do your banking - through the apps ?                                   
Because I would like to be one of those people saving the earth , but they ' re not coming to me !                                                   
But we know with Ross County ' s record that they ' ll be desperate to get into the next round .                                                     
In the last 10 years Scotland have finished fifth or sixth in the table eight times , being third in 2006 and 2013 .                                                 
They live and work in oil - rich areas of the country but have long felt they aren ' t getting a fair share of their own resources .                                       
The most powerful pro - EU argument is that we may be able to retain full economic access but at the cost of losing control over regulation .                                         
To sit right there and talk about the opportunity we have here in two weeks -- I ' m just so proud of him .                                               
The report says the man , who was not identified , has been referred to authorities for possible criminal charges .                                                       
" Rights groups and those on the left are very upset by the measures ," he said in an interview .                                                       
It says any music service can apply to be part of the offer and it does not receive any compensation from the music services .                                               
We have high goals and standards and it ' s the job of the veterans to make sure everyone is meeting those standards , which on this team of highly motivated women is an exciting prospect .                       
There is no doubt that he is a very , very good player , but at this moment he is not available so we don ' t have to talk too much about him .                           
I learned English in junior high school and high school , but I didn ' t have the opportunity to speak English in Japan .                                               
But the bottom line is , as long as there isn ' t a cut - off time , you can still walk the course .                                             
He was also a highly talented drama teacher and I remember he organised a few end of year shows that were very successful .                                                 
As our research has shown , it offers far more secure , high quality employment than will be lost as the fossil fuel age passes .                                             
Although these moves have come under fire in some quarters , administration officials have pointed to them as areas where the president has expanded opportunities for women in U . S . society .                             
We are good enough that with a little bit of luck , a little bit of your mistake or bad day , we have a chance .                                           
We still believe we can win our last two games and that could be enough to progress , but we know how hard that is going to be .                                       
France , with 66 million people compared with Canada ' s 35 million , plans to bring in 30 , 000 over two years .                                               
The least diverse section of Apple ' s staff is its leadership , as is the case with many technology firms .                                                     
It wasn ' t even about standing up for women , it was just that I wasn ' t about to do something that didn ' t make sense for me .                                 
" We made sure we didn ' t have any information to give them , other than what we published ," he said .                                                 
Not to mention the fact that increasing North American production still wouldn ' t do much to reduce the price of gas .                                                   
The younger Clinton had been expected to take on a more active role in her mother ' s campaign this year .                                                     
It didn ' t come as a big shock to me though because I know what we are capable of .                                                       
Six patients at the 38 - bed facility remain in a stable condition , while 15 staff members were also infected .                                                     
Jack wasn ' t on top of his game on Wednesday but it ' s always been a sign of a good player when you can score even though you ' re not at your best .                       
We ' ve scored 15 in our last three games , so we ' re in a good place going into this game .                                                 
On December 19th , Hillary Clinton told the American people in the ABC News debate that as to ISIS , we are exactly where we want to be .                                       
We need to bring many more people from black and ethnic minorities into Parliament and that ' s what then makes those people to rise and end up round the cabinet table .                               
The ABC News / Washington Post poll found 54 per cent of people believed she would win the top job if she went head to head against Trump .                                       
She has also signed up to Women 50 : 50 , a high - profile cross party group campaigning for women ' s rights .                                               
Asked what it would take to get her back to work , she said : " If there became a concern about patient safety , we would come back to work .                                   
He gives us a few goals and we will see what can be done between now and the end of the season , see if there is something there - if he ' s happy and we are happy .                 
The bank is committed to having a " strong presence " in Asia and in Europe , the Middle East and Africa , he said .                                             
The spokesman confirmed that the man , who is currently in custody and being questioned on suspicion of making a bomb threat and was expected to remain in police custody until Saturday .                               
The company ' s shares rose 13 percent to $ 3 . 25 in after - market trading on Tuesday .                                                       
But although they are retired from that service , they recently began sharing another kind of public work : elected office .                                                     
The gap in test scores caused by the worst schools is not huge - roughly speaking , it ' s as if boys were given a below average teacher , or if boys were put into classes with a handful of extra students .         
By doing so , he can set a great example for the nation and provide critical leadership in fighting tobacco use , the nation ' s No .                                         
As good as this news seemed to investors this week , Netflix also has more than its share of risks .                                                       
" If the BBC were to run a campaign then why wouldn ' t they use the people who are most associated with that age group and are loved by the public ?" one told the newspaper .                     
We ' ve got to score some points ... and get this thing rolling if we want to get to where we ' ve got to go .                                         
He rescued three migrants but one of them , a 50 - year old man , later died in his small fishing boat .                                                 
According to the latest Reuters poll , the Britain ' s central bank will wait until the third quarter to raise rates from a record low 0 . 5 per cent , later than previously thought .                       
The next level up , with wealth of $ 10 , 000 to $ 100 , 000 , contains 21 percent of the world ' s population , but has 12 . 5 percent of its wealth .                     
They have also promised to take a " practical approach " when people or businesses have lost records because of the flooding .                                                   
The test was aimed not at external forces , but at showing Kim ' s citizens that he is in full command at an important moment .                                           
It should have been in the governor ' s budget this year but since it wasn ' t , we ' re going to move forward and suggest that it be taken care of immediately .                         
" There will be white - out conditions ," he told a press conference ahead of the storm , expected to hit the city after midnight .                                           
[ T ] he word has spread across Europe about how easy it is to be accepted as a child migrant in Sweden .                                                 
Last month Labour deputy leader Tom Watson said the party would reverse the cut if it wins power in 2020 .                                                       
People would then give over their account details and these fake companies would then be free to raid someone ' s pension plan .                                                 
The organization had already raised more money in 100 days than any other Republican operation in modern history , he told them .                                                   
If one tomorrow shows Clinton up by 10 points , that does not mean that Iowa voters moved 18 points in however - many days .                                             
" When we put him to bed we used to miss him because we knew we wouldn ' t see him again until the morning ," she said .                                       
At the same time , I ' ve got a group of guys I ' ve got to get ready to play with or without him .                                           
Also , on the practical side , they want someone who , ultimately , can beat Democratic front - runner Hillary Clinton .                                                   
That is the great thing about it , you have to keep battling in the playoffs , you have to keep battling every opportunity you ' ve got .                                       
He felt that more countries would become like Cuba if America wasn ' t the strongest country in the world .                                                       
But , like most of us , if you ' re not in the position to negotiate the terms of your contract , you need to be aware of exactly what you ' re signing .                         
" Every night you ' re facing one of the top guys in the NBA , so you ' ve got to be up for that , you ' ve got to be motivated ," he said .                     
If there were , their decisions about what and when to buy and sell would start to affect prices in one direction or the other .                                             
I considered every single person , no matter who he was and what he did for the organization and the franchise , as part of my family .                                         
But the most important thing in all of this is that you do not take for granted the SNP ' s continuing success .                                                 
A commission source added : " The danger is that these new tax powers are used in such a way that people and investors look at Scotland and decide they ' d rather go somewhere else .                         
Almost two million Syrian children are now living as refugees , with one Syrian refugee child born every 20 minutes .                                                       
So what are the shows we can put on [ for ] 42 - year - old mom who gives her husband and two kids dinner , and then puts the TV set on ?                           
However Jeremy Hunt , the Health Secretary , says the deal would mean 99 per cent of junior doctors would have their pay protected , or receive a rise , thanks to an 11 per cent increase to basic pay .               
If we are not able to able to manage this , it will be a big failure for all of us .                                                     
The electoral council did not announce a date for the new election or explain what steps would be taken after Feb .                                                     
This follows strong trading in October that saw the satellite broadcaster record its best first - quarter UK customer growth for four years .                                                 
It also stepped in to book replacement flights and an extended overseas stay to ensure that his holiday was merely delayed , not cancelled .                                               
But if they don ' t know each other , they ' re not as comfortable with each other , and they won ' t cover for each other .                                     
When you are against teams with a huge budget we ' ve put a team together that can compete consistently .                                                       
I think he ' s done that because he knows how hard it is to be injured at a young age .                                                     
But the party base appears in no mood to listen , so Mrs Clinton must be the favourite to enter the White House .                                                 
Mr . Taylor , for his part , said : " This is an international organization , and many parts of the country don ' t even know what it is .                                   
I can ' t wait to ride back into Paris , which is a special place for me because it is where my world cycle finished .                                           
Last week , Facebook launched Sports Stadium , a product focused on making Facebook , not Twitter , the second - screen of choice while watching major games .                                       
" I think on the crucial foreign policy issue of our time , it turns out that Secretary Clinton , with all of her experience , was wrong and I was right ," Sanders said .                         
We will look at it and say all he has done is shown his passion for the game and passion for the club .                                                 
31 ( UPI ) -- Denver may be closer to San Francisco than Charlotte , but there is no home field advantage in the Super Bowl .                                             
I think , if I ' m there in two years and I ' m making a speech , I say we ' re getting better , fast .                                       
If you want to solve this problem in time to be part of the Games in Rio , you ' ve got to get working on it .                                         
He invited journalists from The Post and the Associated Press to his home two days before Christmas to signal a staff shake - up .                                               
He said : " There was a time when I felt possibly the public were looking in and thinking my God , what ' s the matter with these people , they are never happy with anything .                       
It eventually becomes clear that one candidate in each party has enough of the vote to be nominated to contest the presidency .                                                   
If it was something more serious I would have liked to have known for sure , but they had everything under control .                                                   
You can only go by what the professionals say but the investigators who looked into that were pretty confident that it was OK .                                                 
Then over five to 10 years we will buy up Gordon ' s shares , and from that point is where I believe it will get exciting as the fans will be in charge .                           
I was ordered not to speak , refused a phone call and given no food or water for hours on end until I thought I was going to pass out .                                   
The boys did really well for us and we almost did it - but we are still in there fighting and it keeps it going for us all a bit longer .                                 
" If we ' re going to all this trouble , you need to know the why and the how ," he says .                                                 
But what I am selling is a long prison term to a client who has no genuine use for the product .                                                     
In order to provide affordable , quality and effective healthcare services to citizens , the Ministry of Health is focusing on developing the healthcare sector .                                             
It ' s not enough to say where they are on issues , people want to know what they had for breakfast , what they do before they go on stage for a debate .                           
In the Middle East , they are very high net wealth families ; they like big ticket items and they like to invest in developments and build to rent .                                     
The United Kingdom , with almost twice Canada ' s population , plans to bring in only 20 , 000 refugees between now and 2020 .                                             
While it ' s fair to say not many players on tour can compete with Djokovic at the moment - the world No .                                                 
They are among the world ' s most dangerous but least known flights - and take off from Scottish airports almost daily .                                                   
" That comes from our own president , where they have to look at him and wonder , " Do you know what we go through ?                                             
The Panthers are charging into the Super Bowl , prompting Las Vegas to set Carolina as the early favorite in the title game against the Denver Broncos .                                         
When it was clear that I wouldn ' t be in the second debate , there was no further reason to stay in the race .                                             
In this poll , Cruz and Ohio Gov . John Kasich are tied for second with 14 percent of likely Republican primary voters .                                                 
At a time like this , this card is more significant for what it doesn ' t say than what it does .                                                   
We would like to get to know the faces of this large group of people , to tell their individual stories , and describe and show each one of them .                                   
He said : " This group hasn ' t been together for a long time , which is probably not the best thing you can have for a football team .                                     
That sent the unemployment rate to its lowest level in almost two years , to 5 . 8 per cent in November .                                                   
She arrived at the settlement at about 8 a . m ., the police said , and ran toward the civilian guard at the entrance , who opened fire .                                     
The Fund forecast that the world economy would grow at 3 . 4 percent in 2016 and 3 . 6 percent in 2017 , both years down 0 . 2 percentage point from the previous estimates made last October .                 
And if you can read all of that and still not be interested in the Civil War , then you should move to New Zealand .                                             
If we assume that Kentucky ' s non - monthly checks track with Minnesota ' s , we can separate out all of those regular checks .                                           
We are confident the resources we have in the field today will make a huge impact on getting power back for our customers .                                                 
The Trump sons would be in the state through Monday , campaigning for dad , and this was a side of the family that they wanted the media to see .                                   
Paul should be locked away for the rest of his life , or better yet put to death to protect children everywhere .                                                   
That said , here ' s what happens when business owners don ' t understand how to connect to their community and the community doesn ' t trust the business owners .                                 
So regardless what is going on with the academy , what is going on with Hollywood , they will find a way to be excellent .                                             
The London - based company said exports jumped and now make up a fifth of the group ' s total sales .                                                     
" I am not going to do that ," said Anderson , a Republican who represents the county where Houston is located .                                                   
It also has an agreement with China Film Co , the largest and most influential film company in China , to co - produce movies .                                             
" We received more than twice the number of tax related identity theft complaints in 2015 versus 2014 ," he said .                                                     
Yet when I watch them I don ' t quite know who they are or what style of rugby they want to play yet .                                               
If it does turn out to exist it would expand our knowledge of the solar system and make us question whether there is anything even further out .                                         
British lawmakers have scheduled a debate for later this month on whether to ban Donald Trump from entering their country .                                                       
But the momentum seems to remain with Trump , who was shown to be leading the field in early - voting Iowa with 37 percent support to Cruz ' s 26 percent support .                             
The company ' s policy is broad public distribution of its technology once it has been determined effective and safe for broad public application .                                               
According to The Independent , dozens of cases have already been referred to prosecutors with more than 50 deaths set to be examined .                                                 
He said after the game that the decision was his and that he felt trying to force things wouldn ' t have helped his team .                                             
What happens next is in the hands of the NFL ' s owners , who will meet in Houston on January 12 - 13 .                                               
28 ( UPI ) -- ABC announced changes to the rules for the next Republican presidential debate that could limit the number of candidates on stage to six .                                         
But I believe in the unit and , as I say , we will be looking at how it can perform even better .                                                 
The action caught on film is beautiful but slow - going -- so slow - going , in fact , researchers only recently realized what was going on .                                       
The only way it may work , I think , is if a Government - backed third sector company went into it .                                                   
France has been in a state of emergency since a series of attacks claimed by the IS terrorist group killed 130 people in Paris on 13 November .                                         
A British - Iranian journalist was prevented from traveling to the United States without a visa this week because of these restrictions .                                                   
This time , there is a major difference , in that representatives of armed rebel groups will be sitting at the negotiating table with the regime - or at least , in the same building .                         
To be sure , many people including health advocates point out that few Americans are expected to follow the new guidelines .                                                     
I think he ' ll be shocked in a year to hear stories about certain things that happened that he was not even aware of .                                             
Sanders wants to raise the national minimum wage to $ 15 an hour - more than double the current minimum wage of $ 7 . 25 an hour , set in 2009 .                               
He said : " This is Scotland ' s capital city , and when people arrive they expect to see things moving .                                                     
A total of 9 , 000 more jobs are needed before the employment rate returns to the level of 74 . 6 % that it was at before the economic crisis , the report said .                         
" I have said from day one , we are going to know very quickly in a month or two or three whether these guys are serious ," he added .                                   
And in Apple ' s case , that ' s meant what would have been $ 100 of foreign sales in September 2014 was just $ 85 by the end of 2015 .                               
She told the story of how she got her home here and how it has become a place where she feels trapped .                                                   
The Australian , Russian , American and British teams have all said they are monitoring the situation carefully , ahead of the August Olympics .                                               
The video was filmed in the only pub in the town , which is about 400 miles north - west of Sydney .                                                   
" I feel that he should come back but not to me , he has many children , let him come and protect these children , care for these children because these children are suffering so much ," she says .               
All told , five people were killed during the encounter at about 4 : 30 a . m . on Friday , the Mexican authorities said .                                           
" This guy was a human animal , and killing him probably makes the world a little bit better place ," he added .                                                 
The researchers looked at data from more than 22 , 000 working U . S . adults ages 30 to 65 .                                                     
" In today ' s environment you have to have a service offering that people want to buy ," he says .                                                     
A deal at the 18 - 19 February summit is seen as vital if Mr Cameron wants to hold an early referendum on EU membership , because an agreement at a later date would make it hard to schedule a vote before the school summer holidays .   
" We ask people making their way home and those waiting for public transport to be patient ," a police media spokesman said .                                                 
Rubio ' s goal is to finish as close to Cruz as possible and as far ahead of the other establishment Republican candidates as he can .                                           
In the last week , they ' d knocked on 25 , 000 doors around the state and talked to 6 , 000 voters .                                               
Dr Richard Simpson , for Labour , said the NHS needed to move away from " short - term crisis management " and ease the strain on hospitals .                                       
4 : 10 p . m . update : Many locations in the immediate D . C . area have now received their first inch of snow .                                         
It is just something you have to deal with I guess and manage yourself during the week and get yourself right for the weekend .                                               
" It is very positive for the club to sign those kind of players long - term ," he said .                                                       
" We have not only lost a friend , but also a piece of living San Francisco history in his death ," Lee said .                                               
But sometimes I think it would be better , and they would understand me better , if they understood that what they liked about this music has to do with finding your own song .                           
But Thompson has confirmed there are sufficient funds available to bring in as many as three more new players during the current transfer window .                                               
" There is no point in having a federal structure if you still have to go cap in hand to London ," he added .                                               
I do see a difference in them because there is no criticism of each other , they move on and get on with it .                                               
He dedicated so much time to his boys because his own father had no role in his life , his family said .                                                   
But you don ' t need to be an economist to understand this : Just talk to anyone who works in Washington in the summer .                                             
Sanders ' s approach to fighting ISIS came under attack this week from a group of foreign policy experts supporting Clinton .                                                     
He gets down sharply and his kicking has also improved a lot in the time that I ' ve known him .                                                     
The company introduced the Super 8 as a simple and affordable way to shoot motion pictures , essentially creating the home movie .                                                   
I think Senator Sanders would have a very hard time of working with Congress if he ever were to be elected president .                                                   
And the ruling means he will be banned from teaching in any school or educational setting - though he can apply to have this ban set aside after five years .                                   
So we ' ve got the leader , the deputy leader and the shadow chancellor in the next few weeks , and you can ' t get more senior than that .                                 
Google ' s latest figures show it paid 2 . 2 million euros of tax in Italy in 2014 on revenues of 54 . 4 million euros generated in the country .                                 
Austria , previously her strongest European ally on the issue , changed course this week , announcing it would limit the number of refugees it takes in this year to 37 , 500 , down from 90 , 000 in 2015 .             
The fund ' s shares may be worth less than what an investor paid for them when they are sold .                                                       
I thought they had a better chance of survival back in the water than up high and dry on the sand ... They ' re very , very beautiful .                                     
There are a lot of moving parts and no guarantee at all the cost will fall out and the profits come through .                                                   
I was speaking to a council worker who said some of them had given up their holidays to help with the clean - up .                                               
It means 29 % of MPs are women and the Labour party has more female members than any other party at 99 compared to 68 in the Conservative party and none in the Liberal Democrats .                         
When you ' re playing against these teams , you ' re putting yourself in the shop window and you want to do as well as you can in the cup .                                 
But he will see a hip specialist in Philadelphia next week to make sure his injury isn ' t serious .                                                       
Meanwhile , Perth home prices were down around three to four per cent in 2015 and would stay fairly flat throughout 2016 , he said .                                             
I ' m not certain why some people are coming out and saying they wouldn ' t respect the judgment of the Australian people .                                               
General Mark Welsh , chief of staff of the US Air Force , said : " This is never going to look like the first Gulf War air campaign .                                       
She is looking at names in the retail , technology and materials sectors , looking for companies that are gaining market share .                                                   
It is now obvious to all , that which has long been obvious to New Zealand First and our supporters and that is , that there is only one party that stands for one law for all .                     
We are now working with the U . S . Attorney ' s Office for the District of Columbia to see if other agencies might be able to provide data that is useful to her .                         
It takes a lot of effort to create chances against teams of this quality , so you need to take any chances .                                                   
But OPEC ' s Gulf members including Saudi Arabia , who led the 2014 policy shift , have opposed earlier calls for emergency meetings .                                               
" We should give time to the police to conduct their investigation ," said acting security secretary , John Lee .                                                       
The little bird took advantage of the bigger birds strength and jumped onto it ' s back for a ride .                                                       
You sometimes wake up the next morning and think you have been hit by a bus , which you learn to enjoy later on .                                               
The SNP argued in the referendum that oil was a " bonus , not the basis ," for their economic case .                                                     
Celtic is a massive club in Europe so there is always going to be that type of pressure and when you don ' t win games questions will be asked .                                   
But the fact is it ' s not been his day all season and there aren ' t any signs that ' s about to change any time soon .                                     
Clinton , the front - runner for the Democratic nomination for the November 2016 presidential election , has faced widespread criticism for using a private email account hosted on a private computer while secretary of state .                       
North Korean media report only official news , and any other version of events can ' t be spoken about openly .                                                     
Djokovic was made aware of Simon ' s comments in his press conference following a 6 - 3 6 - 7 6 - 4 4 - 6 6 - 3 win .                                 
Now I ' m at the level the last few months of being in the top 20 and playing these players that have been consistently in the top 10 , five in the world .                           
The band of black conservatives gathered at a Washington hotel on a spring evening in 2013 with the future of their cause and the country on their minds .                                       
It was the second time this season he hasn ' t started a game , with practice effort cited as the reason .                                                   
Asked if he was ready to reverse his previous opposition to the policy , Mr Cameron said : " Of course it would be far better if we could make progress on all these issues without having to resort to taxes .               
The two - who were part of a group of doctors discussing the odd symptoms in text messages - grew frustrated with the authorities " narrow focus .                                         
North Yorkshire County Council estimates it will take up to 12 months to repair the bridge - and cost £ 3 million .                                                   
The fan - base down here is pretty incredible and even walking through the town I have been noticed a few times which is quite surprising to be fair , but good .                               
" We work with our American friends on ways to remove Bashar al - Assad from Syria and move the country towards a better future ," he said .                                       
The studio people told me that there needed to be more conflict , so I added a scene where he gets lost on the way to the gas station , and they ' re still not happy with it .                 
One - third of those students said it happened by text , email or on Facebook , according to the American Association of University Women .                                             
But don ' t lose sight of the fact that , in certain areas , there is still a lot of work to be done .                                             
Much of the global market anxiety has been focused on China , the world ' s second - largest economy .                                                       
The world wide web is a platform , as is the iPhone - websites and apps are developed on top of them .                                                   
It ' s a very serious crime , to which we are giving the maximum attention , but it could have happened in any city .                                             
The shop will remain closed until an investigation into the incident is complete , a NSW Food Authority spokeswoman said .                                                       
Mr . Obama will take part in a one - hour town hall - style question - and - answer session on gun control broadcast on CNN at 8 p . m .                               
John Kasich said at the last debate that Republicans are going to win every state if Bernie Sanders is the nominee .                                                     
We should have done better with the goal and that is really disappointing as we had a great chance today .                                                       
" We ' re not going to beat Hillary Clinton with someone who ' s willing to say or do anything to win an election ," he said again .                                     
It should cross the $ 2 billion global mark some time in the next week or so , becoming only the third movie in history to do so .                                       
That said , they could do with improving after going behind , having gained only one point from a losing position all season .                                                 
And they don ' t want North Korea to collapse because it would create chaos in the region and see millions of refugees flooding into China and a potential war with the United States .                           
ISIS fighters had stopped their car and given them a warning : if they tried to leave again , they would be shot .                                                 
Sanders said he and the President discussed a range of issues during their private sit down in the Oval Office and talked " a little bit of politics " ahead of the primary voting season .                         
People might say that " You have had a fair go ; now you should be fair and go " sounds harsh .                                                   
Now you tell me what other chief executive would go into parliament , set up a political party , get the balance of power in Australia , save the jobs of his workers .                             
There ' s no doubt that when it comes to Syria , we need all of the players , whether it ' s Saudi Arabia or Iran or Russia .                                     
Several area schools , including Bowie State University and Washington and Lee University , witnessed giving slip at least 10 percent in the 12 months ending June 2015 .                                       
When I realised that he didn ' t want to improve , I just focused on making sure he went home safely .                                                   
Some believe the duty could now fall to the coach of the East ' s second - place team , Toronto .                                                     
" I don ' t think it ' ll have too much of a difference with the South African team ," he said .                                                 
" But that is generally not the case ," he said in an interview published in the paper ' s Thursday edition .                                                   
The trouble is with more interest rate rises on the cards in the US , the States is moving further ahead of the UK .                                               
If the news from home remains calm and positive , Murray ' s dream of a first Australian Open title remains within reach .                                                 
Mr . Little and other club members are still raising money and they hope to build the fund to $ 4 - million .                                                 
" Most of us are pretty cool with another Bush in the White House ," a second voter told Bush .                                                       
As far as the team knew , it was still - as it had been all week - a game they had to win .                                               
I ' ve always said that when I ' m playing at my best , it ' s difficult to beat me .                                                   
" I can ' t see my son acting that way : no note , no email , no telephone messages , nothing leading up to it ," his father , Harry Price , said in an interview .                   
That ' s about four times the normal rate of return for all reporting seasons in data going back to 1993 .                                                     
People get the question wrong , though , because they don ' t have a clear idea of how much $ 50 is really worth .                                             
" My confidence had taken a big knock and I asked myself if I wanted to continue doing this ," Donald , who last won on a major tour in 2012 , told the Sunday Telegraph .                       
Williams has reached the last four at Melbourne Park on six previous occasions and gone on to win the title every time .                                                   
As I indicated before Christmas , there will be a clear Government position , but it will be open to individual ministers to take a different personal position while remaining part of the Government .                           
Any of these next round of cuts , if necessary , will change the face of our school system , the very school system that is considered the foundation of Fairfax County and the very reason many families and businesses are here in this county .     
And for many people , cutting back on alcohol has become a way of life rather than a month - long challenge .                                                   
For those of you who , along with the governor , may have heard me get a little ahead of myself on this issue this morning , I am here to say that I truly believe this to be a genuine compromise in the Virginia way .   
Iraqi forces clear them by calling in devastating air strikes - more than 55 in the past two weeks , according to the coalition .                                               
I don ' t do it to talk back to any people that believe it ' s not possible or " He got a lucky year " or something .                                     
The non - operating loss for the year ended December 31 , 2015 was $ 14 . 8 million , compared with non - operating income of $ 73 , 000 for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .                 
The report also found that repair and maintenance of existing buildings is improving , with a year - on - year average of 2 . 3 per cent .                                       
Australia ' s economy is expected to grow about 2 . 5 per cent in 2015 , which many economists consider to be a solid performance .                                           
One key to the referendum ' s outcome will be how Europe looks to British voters at the moment the referendum is held .                                                 
" I ' m the first to admit that anybody would have done the same in that position ," he says now .                                                   
The sources said the plan from the EU executive would be viewed as far too ambitious by some member states and not ambitious enough by members of the European Parliament .                                   
Even in everyday life people generally see food as energy as opposed to how it can influence how they feel and their performance .                                                 
President Obama will target gun violence through executive actions that he will detail in the coming days , he announced Monday as he met with top law enforcement officials at the White House .                             
Bush ' s post - 9 / 11 address at the Islamic Center seems to have made a lasting impression .                                                       
What the money did was give me time for experiences - nice holidays as a family , or doing challenges I set myself .                                                 
We play an attractive style that the fans enjoy to see and we will continue to play this way and at the end see who is the best team .                                     
All now believe that they have a chance to emerge as the dominant candidate who will go on to contest for the nomination against Trump , Cruz or both later this spring .                               
I have to get ready for the rest of the year , get healthy , and I think we have a good chance to have success and I want to be a part of it .                         
In truth what I should say is that I actually don ' t do any audience research because it ' s a very good way to tell what they liked about last year .                             
However the college , which represents A & E doctors , says it is confident that all time - critical emergency care will be provided .                                             
But industry leaders warned it would push up the cost of shopping and said it had not been thought through .                                                       
I don ' t know what ' s going on , but you hate to see a fellow coach lose his job .                                                   
We signed it to each other and finally said we ' ve met brothers , brothers for life regardless what happens .                                                     
The event is scheduled to start at the same time as the debate and only a few miles from the Fox site .                                                   
It warned the world ' s second - largest economy would see growth of only 6 . 3 percent in 2016 .                                                     
It also rose 1 . 7 per cent over the week - the first time in 2016 it has made a weekly gain .                                                 
In the article , he said violence committed by the Islamic State is no worse than violence committed by coalition forces fighting it .                                                 
It has even been suggested officers may have been operating in Scotland in the run - up to the 2014 independence referendum .                                                   
There ' s too much that needs to be done in the city for us to waste the next four years .                                                     
The government said it spent a total of $ 51 billion over the past 13 years to keep consumers " power bills down .                                                 
With more than two feet of snow predicted for Washington alone , schools were closed , flights were cancelled and a state of emergency was declared across a vast area .                                   
On a monthly basis , total inflation fell 0 . 5 per cent in December and the core rate decline by 0 . 4 per cent .                                           
Why Apple ' s shares have not only fallen , but dropped far faster than the overall market , is a major mystery .                                                 
In addition , aides to Sanders said they don ' t plan to engage in a point - by - point response with Clinton each time she or her allies attack .                                 
The world is expecting big things from the global middle class - and the middle class is depending on big things from governments that are now struggling to deliver .                                     
As a result the state pension age for women is due to go up to 65 in November 2018 and then to 66 by October 2020 .                                           
American insurance industry players are still banned from doing business in Iran , however , due to separate U . S . sanctions that remain in place .                                         
But how about the - but how about the argument he is making , I mean he repeated that no one likes Ted Cruz .                                               
David Cameron was explaining why working - class children don ' t always do as well in life as middle - class children .                                                 
Republicans are looking for a candidate that could bring the heat to Clinton in the general election - and Rubio wants to be that guy .                                             
" It ' s not something you think of growing up - that you ' re going to have to pay for your parents ," she says .                                         
" We ' re trying to take the maximum advantage of the situation because we don ' t know for sure how long it will last ," Howard said .                                     
She has continued to maintain that none of the emails she sent or received were marked classified while she was secretary of state .                                                 
The committee ' s report said : " We heard of the significant barriers facing people from ethnic minorities in gaining employment and developing a career .                                             
The approved budget asks the county to contribute $ 25 million , which would increase funding by $ 200 per student .                                                     
We would expect to see more cheap fixed deals coming onto the market this winter , so the advice is to shop around .                                                 
A lot of young people were there , the kinds of people the party establishment has been trying , and failing , to get excited about our candidates since Reagan was in office .                             
" I ' m doing everything I can to take really good care of myself right now ," she shared .                                                       
Speaking this month the prime minister said : " I don ' t really want to put new taxes on anything but we do have to recognise that we face something of an obesity crisis .                           
I hope this , alongside the other measures we are taking to boost businesses , will help make one of this country ' s great success stories go from strength to strength .                               
In a Middle East torn apart by war and conflict , fighters are increasingly using food as a weapon of war .                                                     
" It has future potential in the next 3 - 4 years for a much greater increase in vaccine production ," he said .                                                 
But the feeling is that he has improved and his communication skills , with the players above all , will be crucial .                                                   
" She keeps calling for help , but police are not allowing anyone to come out of their homes , and she is stuck inside losing blood ," the woman said .                                 
In the past , these procedures have resulted in the nomination of Board candidates who have been put forward by arms - length shareholders .                                               
That was made possible by his six - under - par 66 being the day ' s best score among those who were able to finish .                                           
Men with diabetes also spent twice as much of their remaining life -- 20 to 24 percent -- disabled than men without the disease , who experienced disability for 12 to 16 percent of their remaining lives .                     
Once a private company has secured a contract , it is free - with due consideration to minimum wage legislation - to set its own rates of pay .                                       
The United Nations has said that it wants peace talks between the Syrian government and opposition to begin in Geneva on Jan .                                                   
Today , with the islands declared out of risk , I ' m here to discover what ' s protecting them .                                                     
It is clear that the institutions of the EU and its driving force - the push towards ever closer union - are out of step with contemporary conditions .                                       
The former vice - presidential candidate returned to the political spotlight on Tuesday when she threw her weight behind Donald Trump ' s White House campaign at a rally in Iowa .                                 
For me It was exactly what I needed at that particular time because it made me realise there is no place to hide in Test cricket .                                           
The first is the big fall in the oil price , which has helped to bring down inflation to around zero .                                                     
Sweden , like the rest of Europe , has been struggling with the continent ' s biggest migration crisis since the Second World War .                                               
I wanted people to be a little angry , a little worried , and just to kind of give everyone a heads up like , this is still in play , this isn ' t just something that ends and you move on .         
It ' s not been a hundred per - cent proven , but he doesn ' t deny it , he won ' t even comment .                                           
It ' s tough to perform and win games , especially when you haven ' t been on a regular basis .                                                     
" No top player is going to sign for Chelsea during the January window because they don ' t know who the manager will be next season or if they will be playing in the Champions League ," wrote Henry .               
This helps prevent a situation where a performance fee is applied on gains that merely make up for previous losses .                                                       
James has struggled with his jump shot most of the season , but he said before the game he thought he found something on film he could correct .                                       
If not , it could be autumn , or even next year , before the vote on EU membership takes place .                                                     
However , if anyone thinks they have been paid too little then they should of course get in touch and we ' ll be happy to investigate further .                                       
" We are not sure if the nine rescued were among the 45 or if they were on a different boat ," the official said .                                             
Under the current regime , there have also been several reports of sexual violence against women protesters by the police and security forces .                                                 
As long as they ' re happy with what we ' re doing and the results , the company can have a strong future .                                               
He was great and if you ' re going to win a game like this , against this good of a basketball program , you ' re going to have to get special performances , and his performance was certainly special .             
We walked the floor and picked out five items that might be worth buying if they ever get to the market .                                                     
" We got a really good start , but the middle order weren ' t able to get the momentum up ," he said .                                               
Earlier , it fell to as low as $ 34 . 13 , its lowest level since the start of July 2004 .                                                   
" He told me he was covered in blood and I had to come and help him and see what had happened ," she told news . com . au .                                   
" It makes me think we have some momentum that can carry us over the top here in Iowa ," he said .                                                   
All of them have started at least one game or been a front - line player in their time with Green Bay .                                                   
He said his young worker found $ 2 , 000 - real or otherwise - in the car , and returned it to the owner , telling him that he was lucky to run into an honest worker .                   
" If you agree to touch base every week , make sure you do so that you stay top of their talent list ," she says .                                           
He said it while it wasn ' t the most important issue facing the country , it was a debate worth having .                                                   
The Spurs have been beaten badly now by two elite teams during Duncan ' s absence : The Warriors beat them by 30 just five days ago .                                         
The company is said to be testing a change to the service that could allow you to post as many as 10 , 000 characters at a time .                                       
In a news conference later Sunday , Trump said he heard that message and remains an opponent of illegal immigration and of allowing Syrian refugees to enter the United States .                                   
If this is so , it would indeed be good news : The only thing that will save the global economy in the short - term is more demand .                                     
" I was mayor for 22 years , and I was accused of I don ' t know how many crimes ," he told the New York Times during the race .                                 
We will confirm whether her statement as a suspect is still consistent with her one as a witness or if she will give another statement .                                             
I hope he doesn ' t knock on their door , because as a society those judges have put everybody at risk .                                                   
Argentina is a member of the Group of 20 because Latin America had two obvious candidates , Mexico and Brazil , and demanded a third .                                             
So I think that in the future people involved in these industries would be twice as careful if they visited the mainland .                                                   
His family had no idea the 18 - year - old had joined IS until they learned about it through the media .                                                   
Trump said he had to get off the phone , " because I ' m going to make a speech in front of many , many thousands of people .                                       
So , right away , I mean , perhaps I shouldn ' t be saying this , but I ' m of the old school .                                             
Manchester United say they returned transfer documents for both players to Real Madrid , a claim backed up by the Spanish club in their own statement .                                           
Their usual two - hour drive took seven hours , and each time they stopped to drop off a friend , the remaining passengers had to get out to push the vehicle to get it rolling again .                     
Smith had been critical of the team ' s performance during the first Test when was a radio and television analyst .                                                     
That is where the link between the centres and the back row becomes so important , and that is why the return of Davies at centre is so crucial .                                     
By 2018 nearly three million people are expected to have at least three long - term medical conditions like diabetes and dementia , resulting in growing demand and pressure on health and care services .                           
" Without these , any scientific review is limited and thus itself does not achieve a proper standard ," she said .                                                     
I ' d have expected Clinton and Sanders to have good field programs , and in each case -- perhaps due to the time of day -- I found a number of people in and around their headquarters .                   
But to have a chance to win medals and get to finals is something every player wants and it ' s something I don ' t want to pass up .                                   
The group reported a 1 . 9 per cent increase in like - for - like sales for the 19 weeks to 9 January , with growth of 1 . 8 per cent in the final seven weeks .                   
I also suspect United will sign one or two this more , just to make sure they have the squad to make sure of Champions League football next season .                                     
They play a very interesting style of play , with a lot of what they play unusual as to what you might expect in the championship because they play so much into feet and have a lot of good technical players .             
He said four of the seven dead were women and that 27 civilians were injured - mostly production - company employees on the bus .                                               
But when the big things happen , like a $ 1 . 15 trillion budget vote and you say you ' re against it , show up to speak against it and vote .                             
But for now , there remains a major gap between two of the most important measures of economic health , the labor market and the gross domestic product .                                       
He said they ' re believed to be elements of the presidential guard , which staged a short - lived coup in September .                                                 
That is probably going to be the biggest game of the year so far and the biggest game he would have played in , but now he will miss it because of a moment of losing control .                     
But Labour claimed thousands of places have also been created in failing free schools and warned ministers that setting up new institutions is not the answer .                                           
We felt as though we made gains from the Six Nations into the World Cup and we need to push on again to make sure we can put ourselves in that position to win games in this tournament .                   
West Virginia ( 15 - 3 , 4 - 2 Big 12 ), which had been scoring more than 84 points per game , became the third top - 10 Big 12 power to lose in the last 48 hours .               
This is their country too , and they should be able to enjoy all the freedom and opportunity it offers .                                                       
However , buyers looking for a mortgage in Italy may find it harder to come by this year than in previous years .                                                   
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the Democratic presidential front - runner who has said she would take executive action on guns if elected in the Nov .                                       
In its first 24 hours , US presidential political candidate Bernie Sanders ' political ad was viewed almost 1 million times .                                                     
If you think that what you ' re seeing is everything there is to see , then you have seen it all .                                                   
It was still great to be together , happy and in love over the holidays despite the accident , and they are looking forward to a good new year together .                                   
If you start thinking about that heat , it ' s one more thing that can make you lose your ability to do your job .                                             
So I have nothing but a massive respect for every manager in the country and I obviously include Paul in that .                                                     
The two countries have argued that they pay a high economic price for providing a global public good - hosting large numbers of refugees - and that the world must do more to help them .                         
By a year later , there were estimates that 40 , 000 people had been detained in the subsequent house - to - house arrests .                                             
By this point in the primary season , voters in the next state , Nevada , will likely begin to factor into their votes who looks like a winner .                                     
It is certainly , in my view , not a campaign that is going to really deal with the issues that most Americans are concerned about .                                           
However , it is not for me to investigate or make any judgment on the actions of the reporters or programme makers .                                                   
" Because of this , the province is unable to support the project at this time , based on the evidence submitted ," it said in a statement .                                       
He said : " Unlike everyone else I try to pay as little tax money as possible because I hate what they do with my tax money .                                           
Mr Jones ' s intervention comes after another day of chaos for Mr Corbyn , who became Labour leader only four months ago .                                                 
What this campaign is about and what I believe in is creating a government that works for all of us not just a handful of people at the top .                                     
People say , ' You give a vote to Hillary or Bernie ,' but at least I can go to sleep at night .                                                   
It ' s not going to be like that and I am pretty sure the boys all think that too .                                                       
In an interview with the Yorkshire Post , Mr Corbyn said : " My great failing in life is to listen to everybody at whatever great length they wish to speak to me .                               
The match is a tough lose for me , especially because is not like last year that I arrived here playing bad and feeling myself not ready for it .                                     
It was really to travel through the system with the accused , to see what it ' s like to be accused in this country and to offer that experience to viewers .                               
I definitely feel like he ' s going to try to have a bigger presence in this game and we ' re going to do our best to stop him .                                   
If you feel limited by Facebook ' s emotional range , then you ' re really going to like what ' s coming next .                                               
However , he did not seem to be accepted with full respect by some of the team members , including James .                                                     
David Duncan was high on that list and meeting him for the first time in New York was like meeting a God .                                                   
WASHINGTON The United States and its allies conducted 26 strikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria on Saturday , the coalition leading the operations said in a statement on Sunday .                                 
" Senator Sanders doesn ' t talk much about foreign policy , but when he does , it raises concerns because sometimes it can sound like he hasn ' t really thought it through ," Clinton said .                     
But it was great , most people usually wanted to just pick my brain and ask me about certain players , managers , or who I ' d played against , just wanting to hear my opinion .                     
2 payments network rose as much as 5 . 6 percent and were set for their best day in five months .                                                     
Let friends , family and work colleagues know that you will not allow yourself to be pushed around or taken advantage of .                                                   
In 2002 , Ford announced it planned to lay off 35 , 000 employees , drop four car models and close four plants .                                                 
The article , published by the Post on Thursday , said Rubio was arrested when he was 18 for drinking beer in a public park after it had closed .                                     
Newcastle have been maintaining a watching brief over the player for several years and are understood to have registered their interest .                                                     
The survey noted that UK construction firms had ended 2015 with a " robust " level of overall business activity , adding that commercial building increased on the back of improving UK economic conditions , leading to new orders .                 
Such joint efforts , known as multi - employer pension plans , are already possible but for companies in similar industries .                                                     
If a CEO of an airline is looking at taking aircraft for the next 12 - 14 years he will never trust in fuel staying at these prices .                                       
The service does its best to suggest titles that are relevant to your interests , but sometimes you ' re in the mood for a very specific type of program .                                   
" We want to make sure that every child gets every chance in every school to have every opportunity for the jobs of the future ," he said .                                       
Some of the recommended tests result in false positive outcomes , he noted , while others are not useful until late in pregnancy .                                                 
" That ' s a position that has a lot of power to do a lot of good work for the city ," he said .                                             
People started to talk and write about what was beginning to look like the end of a once - promising national political figure .                                                 
" We ' ve got a lot of support in Nevada , and I think we have a shot to win ," Sanders said .                                               
4 ( UPI ) -- This year could be challenging for a Saudi Arabia facing economic pressure from lower crude oil prices amid neighborhood security risks , analysis finds .                                       
" There are people who think it ' s a little odd for a third Bush to be President of the United States ," Bush said .                                           
The more players that do that , I think the more other players look at it and go , actually , you know , I can do that as well .                                   
No official figures were available for the council ' s decisions on candidates for the parliamentary elections , which are scheduled for the same day .                                             
The United Nations estimates that more than 400 , 000 Syrian civilians are cut off from access to food supplies .                                                       
The amount spent in the retail industry fell by 1 per cent compared to December 2014 , and by 1 . 4 per cent against November last year .                                       
" The good news is this is a really attractive city , people really want the land here ," he said .                                                     
A team of about a dozen has been working since September and the project is due to finish in April , though that deadline looks ambitious .                                           
" I ' ve always said that when I ' m playing at my best , it ' s difficult to beat me ," said 34 - year - old Williams , who has won all six of her previous finals at Melbourne Park .       
Even though I don ' t agree with them , they definitely have a place in a democracy like Israel .                                                       
It was immediately clear that the event threw into chaos negotiations for a peaceful end to the Saudi - led war in Yemen .                                                 
28 ( UPI ) -- Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump said two other candidates will be joining his counter event Thursday during the Fox News - hosted GOP debate .                                       
I know that it ' s getting difficult but there are still 19 games to play and 57 points to win and there is still enough to reach the target .                                   
A visa is not generally needed for British citizens entering Brazil as tourists , however , you may be required to show proof of accommodation , return travel and financial means for your visit on arrival .                       
One Indian security source blamed the attack on a Pakistan - based militant group , but said it posed no threat to civilians .                                                 
" This has been our home for 55 years , and I want to keep the team here and provide the world - class stadium experience you deserve ," he said .                                 
I ' ve given so much to my son and I just kind of thought it would be nice to challenge myself in whatever way .                                             
This is just the reality of the size of Boeing ' s order book and I think the company will keep it going as long as it can because it is a product worth keeping .                         
This is the third year in a row Uber has introduced price cuts in some cities ; in 2015 , the service reduced prices in 48 U . S . cities .                                 
A boy and a girl , both 14 , were each charged with three counts of theft for the gas station incidents .                                                   
When it comes to a change this big and this fundamental to our democracy , the only people qualified to decide are the people themselves .                                             
The university ' s next chance to request that money is in the fall , for the two - year budget cycle that begins next year .                                           
While a large crowd had gathered , no one had offered to help , and he was only taken to the hospital by family members who arrived more than an hour later , according to the official China Daily .                 
" I did not know I would be beaten and raped and have to have sex every night of the week ," the victim told the BBC .                                         
I stand here before you as a woman to say we should never have to buy success with the blood of our babies .                                                 
5 ( UPI ) -- The 2016 primary season has officially begun , and Donald Trump is still enjoying a comfortable lead in the polls .                                               
I ended up being out the team , but , once I have come back in , I feel a lot more confident , especially around the boys .                                       
There are believed to be more than 3 , 000 refugees - including many from Syria - at the camp in Calais .                                                   
The Royal College of Emergency Medicine is asking patients to consider alternative services such as minor injury units and walk in centres , which will be less affected .                                       
But this , of course , is by no means the first time that opinion polls have failed to capture the strength of the Conservative vote .                                           
" It ' s so simple , and I think that ' s what caught people off guard at first ," she said .                                                 
However , in practice polling data suggests that Jeremy Corbyn himself is a major part of Labour ' s problem .                                                       
By March 1 , 2014 , my Wisconsin town had recorded 55 days at or below zero and 54 sub - zero days , received 61 . 7 inches of snow and had an average temperature of 7 . 5 degrees , according to weather records .   
He said he wanted to discuss the situation with Moscow , adding that the sudden rise could not be explained by a recent crackdown on asylum seekers by Norway ' s right - wing government .                         
In the pre - digital era , records were only kept for a decade or two , unless the horse was famous .                                                   
Or maybe the drone will do all this by itself , like the self - driving car we are all waiting for .                                                   
In 2004 , the Democratic presidential campaign of former Vermont governor Howard Dean was clearly starting to flag before the vote .                                                     
The company ' s UK rail business saw a decline in passenger demand in the weeks following the Paris terror attacks , but this would not hit the group ' s full - year results , it said .                   
We had to test him to know he is available and on his fitness tests he is as good as the rest of the players .                                             
Of women among the first 1 . 2 million people to claim the pension , just 80 , 000 will receive the full amount .                                               
" Following investment in previous years , there has been a growth in the business this year ," the spokesman said .                                                     
In all , an estimated $ 1 . 4 billion is needed for food and other resources in 2016 , according to the government and aid partners .                                         
We got off to a good start , scoring the first goal and we probably thought the game was over .                                                       
The album is scheduled for release on March 25 - a year after he left the British - Irish group .                                                       
Bill Clinton has been out on the campaign trail this week on behalf of his wife , first in New Hampshire , and on Thursday in Iowa for the first time .                                 
The U . S . Department of Education referred questions about how the number of school threats has changed over time to the FBI , and the FBI did not respond to requests for data .                         
In many ways , it feels like I ' m coming full circle and I can put the early part of my life to bed .                                             
We learned in the early days of the federal employee survey that , across government , the response rate is a little bit under 1 percent of the workforce every day .                                 
The chairman runs the football club when it comes to the finances and it ' s his decision in the end what to do with it .                                           
Nearly 6 , 000 people have been killed since the coalition entered the conflict in March , almost half of them civilians .                                                   
The source of the latest outbreak has not yet been identified , but wild birds are known to play a part in spreading the virus .                                             
" There ' s no question in my mind that there is real worry ," a longtime Clinton ally and adviser said .                                                   
Once the ties have been decided the FA Cup fourth round will be played between Friday February 29 and Monday March 1 .                                                   
If they think that ' s what it ' s going to be like in Washington , they ' re deadly wrong ," Christie said this week .                                         
It was not a mistake to say that if there are people trying to survive , Europe is a place where they have an opportunity to have a future .                                     
President Obama , too , spoke with her , promising that he would do all he could to secure her husband ' s release .                                               
" I ' m hopeful of a deal in February and if we do that we can go ahead and hold the referendum ," Mr Cameron said .                                         
" While we saw growth in the retail sector , many sectors across the economy are also posting healthy growth ," Mr James said .                                               
At one point , he even ran for the leadership of the party , but dropped out in an early round .                                                     
Over the last seven years , it has increased total aid available to students by over $ 50 billion from 2008 to 2016 , and selected tax benefits by more than $ 12 billion , according to the Department of Education .             
But it wasn ' t a massive house , so my husband and I decided to buy a slightly bigger house , took out another mortgage and started all over again .                                 
Now , you have no chance of beating Andy Murray if you ' re going to go in with that game style .                                                   
Iowa ( 16 - 4 , 7 - 1 ) had won its first seven conference games by an average of nearly 12 points .                                               
But government must do its part by making sure the North Sea remains an attractive place in which to invest .                                                       
Some of us , we ' ve been here since the first grade , so we ' re having to just wait our turn to be remembered and liked again .                                   
Of the 62 , 000 jobs lost across public services in Scotland since 2009 , 40 , 000 job cuts have been in local councils .                                             
I had two young daughters living with me at the time and I know that there was definitely nothing going on .                                                     
If you ' re going out for dinner maybe two or three nights a week , cut it down to either every second week , or once a week .                                     
When we won last year it was a start but the challenge was to back it up this year and to prove that was not just a one - off victory .                                 
The overwhelming majority did not have weapons or anything else on their person or in their record that allowed officers to make an arrest .                                               
Now that her condition has been diagnosed she can be placed on a special diet and new medication to control the disease .                                                   
A member of Iraqi security forces puts the remains of people killed by the Islamic State group in a body bag .                                                     
People getting closer to the grave realise they have not set aside the £ 3 , 000 or £ 4 , 000 that their family will have to find to pay for their funeral .                           
And some desperate members are even being forced to switch funds who will allow them the early release of their savings just so they can survive .                                           
In this context , pro - EU campaigners will say the risks of Brexit are too great for Britain to leave .                                                     
I don ' t have any bad words to say about ( Kelly ) as far as what he feels he needs on his roster .                                             
But the poll also showed that if the GOP race were limited to just Trump and Cruz , 53 percent would prefer Cruz as the nominee compared to 35 percent who would choose Trump .                           
Ms Hill : " We have constantly found that schools don ' t know how to engage with young people about climate change and they are not teaching them the critical thinking skills to solve challenges posed by it .                   
I would like to thank all the management and coaches who took a chance on me and gave me an opportunity to play a role for their teams .                                       
Despite his standing , Rubio ' s donors remain confident that he will win , even if he may have to do it in a way different from what they initially expected .                               
THE University of Adelaide has delayed a decision on the future ownership of Radio Adelaide , which has been run by the university for more than 40 years .                                       
" They ' re expensive to develop and research and ... obviously in return for that investment , the private sector is looking to benefit from that ," he says .                                   
If they are injured we cannot use them and if we know about the intensity of the last game and the short break to the next one I can ' t say go again until you lay on the ground .               
You can have a bad summer in the transfer department and save your job , but you need to get it right more than you get it wrong the rest of the time .                             
All this time , women on Wall Street were earning 55 to 62 cents to every dollar a man in the same position made , she said .                                         
United said on Wednesday his previously expected first - quarter return may be delayed until the beginning of the second quarter .                                                     
I played with him last season and he gets a lot of goals and he plays off the defender ' s shoulder and although he is small , he is strong as well , so he has a bit of everything .             
It ' s going to be hard to flood the market again - this was a very specific scenario , which is why everything happened so quickly and was so unexpected .                                 
The fourth - quarter growth pace was in line with economists " expectations and followed a 2 per cent rate in the third quarter .                                               
" It was the first time in my career that I believed that my best days were behind me ," he said .                                                   
The show ' s producers didn ' t think Trump would really run , but they recall him drawing a direct line from the show ' s success to the possibility that he would shoot for the nation ' s top job .           
However ; I still think Lee killed her based on the fact that he did not rape all of the women he killed , so he might not have left DNA .                                 
Police are searching for a fourth suspect believed to be the man ' s 15 - year - old brother .                                                       
Under the reforms , parts of the national health care system would be converted into independent commercial companies , officials said .                                                     
We sometimes don ' t say it like it is because we think that ' ll play into the hands of the Sweden Democrats ," he said .                                         
People there , Trump supporters , told me they couldn ' t care less about the debate going on three miles away .                                                   
Following the difficult decision to close it early 2015 , we are delighted that we will soon be in a position to be able to offer open access to visitors once more from mid - March .                       
It ' s one of those night where you figure out pretty early you ' re not at your best , but you ' ve got to find a way to keep your team in it and I wasn ' t able to do that tonight .   
" Right now we are enjoying a golden age because there is so much public interest in football and we have to keep it going ," he told Reuters .                                     
We ' re going to get a playoff - type atmosphere even though it ' ll be the end of it for us .                                                 
About one - fifth , or 12 million , of the out - of - town visitors were from abroad , with the highest numbers from the United Kingdom , Canada , Brazil and China .                         
He wrote on Facebook : " Just so proud of everything you achieved in your life , places you travelled , friends you made .                                                 
It may be years before anyone knows for sure how much of a role these tactics played in Iran ' s ultimate decision .                                                 
I keep saying there ' s no reason why I can ' t bring that confidence from the range and practice rounds into the real thing .                                           
The boy was found after a doctor at a local hospital recalled the case , and still had the phone number of Bennett ' s Chinese father on file .                                     
He has links to the town because he used to come here as a boy so it is great that he is helping us .                                               
We travel safely down our streets and it ' s not pitch dark at night because we have street lights .                                                       
I think wrapped up in the question of where we came from is another one , which is about why we are here , or the meaning of life .                                     
The U . S . and other world powers reached a deal with Iran last year that would lift those sanctions in return for limits on the nuclear program .                                     
It ' s going to be critical that guys come in here day in and day out and understand that ' s what we want .                                             
" We both had the same " I don ' t want Donald Trump to win " attitude ," she said .                                                     
The changing climate is having a devastating effect on families trying to get back on track and make ends meet .                                                       
He ' s a player who can get the crowd on their feet - an exciting player who can make things happen .                                                   
But people who haven ' t voted before are a lot less likely to vote than people who vote all the time , for perhaps obvious reasons .                                         
1 to March 14 , then win Ohio and Florida on March 15 , he would be roughly tied for first place in the delegate count .                                           
I wasn ' t worried that I hadn ' t seen him because I knew he was working and I thought he was travelling with work .                                           
Later this month MPs will debate the petition , which notes that Britain has " banned entry to many individuals for hate speech " in the past .                                         
All they ' re allowed to do is sell 1 percent of their shares over the next three months - and that ' s provided that they give 15 days advance notice .                               
We ' ll be organised , we ' ll work very , very hard and do everything we can to try and get a result .                                             
The Australian share market has closed lower on its first day trading day in 2016 , in the wake of a weak lead from US markets and profit - taking by investors .                               
D . C . police were investigating seven separate shootings from Friday night into early Saturday morning that left eight people wounded and one man dead .                                           
The state pension age for women was due to rise from 60 to 65 between 2010 and 2020 but the coalition Government decided to speed up the process in 2011 .                                   
And he ' s not in my opinion the sort of guy who ' s going to spend six , seven , eight months sitting at home doing nothing in particular .                                 
" We will go there to win and I want my team to have the best period they can have ," he said .                                                 
Police responding to a request to check on the welfare of a man early Sunday found him dead , Prince George ' s County authorities said .                                           
Obama announced the action in November 2014 but it has never gone into effect , being put on hold by a federal judge in Texas in February 2015 .                                       
" If you are 18 / 19 and aren ' t in your first team , rather than hanging on and saying you are an Aberdeen player - 18th man - you ' ve got to go out and play ," he said .         
The video opens with footage of President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton discussing Australia ' s gun laws .                                                     
But that ' s good because now those players have to fight to get minutes back , which means our practices will be better .                                               
When the change takes effect next year , workers 25 and older will earn at least a living wage of £ 7 . 20 an hour , and this will rise to over £ 9 by 2020 .                     
He denied the girl ever appeared to be upset or hurt , saying : " This is all about role play and fantasy and having fun .                                             
" It is important for this route to be available to people when a mistake has been made ," said the Attorney General , the Government ' s most senior law officer .                               
There is evidence that the judge used to come to his findings , and the most important thing for the police to do is to look at it again and open a new investigation fast .                         
Two other men known to the wanted man , who both arrived at the crash shortly afterwards , were also arrested at the scene .                                               
The problems in Flint began nearly two years ago , in April 2014 , when the city began to draw its water from the Flint River to save money .                                     
New research shows that most parents don ' t know a lot about it and don ' t believe that their family is at risk .                                             
In the message , George W . Bush writes that his younger brother " is a tested leader who has made difficult decisions during times of crisis .                                         
The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31 , 2015 was 42 . 9 %, compared with 38 . 0 % for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .                                 
The information , the State Department said , was so secret that those emails would never be released to the public .                                                     
The Chinese president is the first leader to visit Iran since international sanctions on the Islamic Republic were lifted on Jan .                                                     
You are getting so many questions about it which is great because it means the level of it and getting out to the public is making it all the way here .                                 
But the US military ' s investment in the project suggests the Pentagon believes it could one day help wounded veterans .                                                     
The first figures showing the extent of the issue have led to calls for better education for children on how to stay safe online .                                               
In general , children with blood pressure higher than 95 percent of children of the same gender , age and height can be diagnosed with high blood pressure .                                       
It has said 11 million vehicles worldwide contain the affected software , 8 . 5 million of which are in Europe .                                                     
We spent three days at this village in marketing , an era of peace long to be remembered by us .                                                       
I ' ll find out what that reason is soon enough , but for now I ' m going to spend time with my family .                                             
They should feel safe in their own home or when going about their daily business , not worried or scared it might happen again .                                               
All comfort , all wealth , everything that we have as a people , to live , to eat , comes from the earth .                                               
On arriving in Manhattan the pair first took a series of photos from the roof of a building several streets south of Times Square .                                               
Mrs Williams has been in police custody since she was arrested on the weekend , while the 55 - year - old woman has been in custody since her arrest on Monday night .                             
But when you ' re treated badly you have to stick up for your rights whether we like it or not .                                                     
It has never happened to me in a game before , that ' s why I was so surprised and angry .                                                     
" I ' m disappointed that a traffic stop yesterday that was supposed to bring peaceful resolution to this ended badly ," he said .                                               
However , for this route to work , directors should review their structure at least a year before considering any potential sale .                                                   
Clinton ' s husband , of course , in 1999 signed the law that helped break down the walls between investment banking firms and commercial banks .                                           
They ' re a good team ; they know how to come back , especially with the crowd pushing them .                                                       
The reason for this rule was to get rid of the guys who were clearly very talented , too good for the Scottish top flight , some would say , but didn ' t stick around for longer than six months .             
He said : " After not getting the win in the first game , people are probably writing us off now because Ross County have a really good home record .                                     
She said : " Our record in government is a strong one - delivered in tough circumstances - and Scotland is a better place today than it was when we took office .                                 
The problem for Rubio is that he doesn ' t have an obvious win among the first few states to vote .                                                     
" I met someone from the New York financial world recently and the first thing he wanted to talk about was football management ," Russell continued .                                           
Super Bowl I was broadcast by both NBC -- the official broadcaster of the AFL -- and CBS -- the official broadcaster of the NFL -- and remains the only Super Bowl to have been broadcast live in the United States by two television networks .     
" I would be lying if I said it didn ' t give me a bit of an advantage ," he admits .                                                   
I ' m happy that I get to be in such an elite club ... and shocked because any time somebody else ( the baseball writers ) does something for you it means a lot .                         
Is tough when you work so much and arrive at a very important event and you ' re going out too early .                                                   
Although I wish more than anything that he didn ' t have to get hurt in order for me to recognize that I know his face better than his injuries .                                   
It is not the only media company to have the same idea , however , and international competition for good producers has driven prices high .                                             
But they ' re still top of the league - although Aberdeen haven ' t had the credit they deserve for running them close .                                               
But they were not for this storm , for reasons set in motion thousands of miles away more than a month ago .                                                   
It ' s essential for the success of this team that we quickly develop and establish a strong leadership group .                                                       
She said : " What we were doing felt so important then , and I thought that getting married was the way for me to always be around him .                                       
Under a new U . S . visa law , visiting Iran already makes it harder to gain entry to the United States .                                                 
It ' s a challenge we are really looking forward to up against a team that is not in great form but is a massive club with a great history , and you know on any day they can produce a great performance .         
" It ' s up to them to make the decision on the proportion of the package that goes to Northern Ireland , Wales and Scotland ," he said .                                     
He ' s got that bit of magic that he can produce , like we saw on Saturday for his goal .                                                     
In 2009 , the world ' s top 1 percent held 44 percent of the world ' s wealth ; by 2014 , they had 48 percent .                                         
" We are a business that continues to grow despite the world economy not growing at the pace we would want ," he told Scotland on Sunday .                                         
That ' s because , like their leaders in Congress , Americans don ' t have much common ground on the issues , either .                                               
At least 56 British women and girls are suspected of having traveled to Syria to join the Islamic State in 2015 , the police said .                                             
We were successful before that and we will probably be successful afterwards as well , as there will always be demand for a premium brand .                                             
Prime Minister David Cameron has previously said Britain would accept 20 , 000 refugees over the next five years from camps in the Middle East , as opposed to those who have already made it to Europe .                     
Fox News Channel : The simple fact is that from an entertainment perspective , this debate was less interesting than virtually all of the previous six .                                           
Last month , it emerged that the UK economy had grown by 0 . 4 per cent in the third quarter of 2015 , down from a previous estimate of 0 . 5 per cent .                         
" It has been wet this season : I can ' t remember the last time it was dry ," he says .                                                   
This president came in under a theory that Secretary Clinton shares , which is that America is the cause of violence in the world .                                               
It ' s not enough to express anger - we must elect someone who knows how we get things done .                                                       
I definitely feel confident but , as I keep telling you , the most important thing is to give your best and support the team .                                             
Storm Frank also caused significant damage in the north of England , Scotland and Northern Ireland on New Year ' s Eve .                                                   
What I absolutely don ' t want is for us to be popular because we ' re regarded as victims .                                                       
But a fall in Shanghai equity prices tells us next to nothing about the outlook for corporate earnings , even in China , so it shouldn ' t have a lasting impact on share prices in the U . S . or Europe .         
Pacific ) on Wednesday March 9 , 2016 to review the financial results and corporate developments for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .                                               
It is a sign of where we are that we didn ' t control the lead and ended up in a battle .                                                   
" We ' ve started to receive emails from adults and calls from adults saying it ' s time to open schools ," he said .                                             
Aberdeen ' s other cup victories came in quarter - finals (" 85 and " 90 ), the second by 4 - 1 .                                                 
" She said in very clear terms that the city and the police department were not ready for this ," Allen said .                                                   
We have sort of turned up after some tragedy , and we are able to pick through the remains , and get some indication of what was going on in this settlement 3 , 000 years ago .                     
With the state pension scheme being limited and only available from later in life , now that the pension age is being raised , you should ensure that your income in retirement remains protected .                           
What a difference race makes in news coverage and law enforcement response to men ( or boys ) with guns .                                                       
" It ' s getting worse and worse and the Government ­ really needs to review its investment in rail ," he said .                                                 
The incident is the latest in a series of occasions the German authorities have issued a last - minute terror alert citing evidence of a concrete threat over the last 12 months .                               
Goldman generated net revenue of $ 33 . 8 billion in 2015 , down 2 percent from the year ago period .                                                     
" We don ' t run our business in the same way the Big Six run their businesses ," he said .                                                     
Barack Obama promised to be a friend to the middle class ; instead under his policies their lives are getting only harder .                                                   
This creates the opportunity for great returns , as companies at that level can grow very quickly , but also brings greater risk .                                                 
" I think the person who ' s winning could definitely feel the pressure because there is a lot of expectations ," Williams added .                                               
The emails were among 3 , 000 pages made public on Friday by the State Department , which was running late on a court - ordered schedule requiring that 82 percent of her 55 , 000 emails be released by the end of December .       
Any party that wins a majority has the chance to fully implement its agenda , for better or for worse .                                                       
During a rally in Iowa on Friday evening , Ted Cruz made a joke that went over fine with his audience -- but was less popular once the wider world caught wind .                               
One of the sources said the man appeared to be wearing a belt of some sort , but could not say whether it was an explosive one .                                         
You can ' t really shelter kids today from anything , because they ' re seeing everything right in front of them .                                                   
This is an opportunity to own the club , if we miss out God knows what could happen to it if it goes to somebody else .                                           
A local crew checked out the roof of the affected home to ensure it was water - tight as they cleared the street and made it safe for the public .                                   
The trade data will set the stage for the release of fourth quarter and full - year gross domestic product ( GDP ) data on Jan .                                           
" It ' s so easy when you only have an idea to start giving out shares because you don ' t have the value yet ," she says .                                     
" The recent significant fall in oil and gas prices has highlighted the quality of our low cost production and approach to balance sheet risk management ," he said .                                     
Oil prices fell to $ 37 a barrel from around $ 53 a barrel over the course of last year , and are now under $ 34 .                                         
" I was happy that I won the first set because it was better to win against her the first set than the second set ," she added .                                       
But looking back at what happened after the revolution , it ' s a picture that represents what is going on in Egypt now .                                               
I mean , if you were a defender with a forward line like that , it must have been a dream job .                                                   
" People say , " It ' s OK , you can have another , you weren ' t really attached , you didn ' t know them ,"" she said .                                   
We ' re going to give 100 percent , but the main focus will be to have fun this last year .                                                     
About 31 cases of the virus have been reported in 11 states plus the District of Columbia since 2015 , but all of those patients were infected in countries where the virus is widespread .                           
" I don ' t know what is wrong with her ," says Williams , who agreed to let a reporter and a photographer follow her .                                           
We have a long view of what it will take to succeed here , but it ' s important to get moving .                                                   
" We were trying to help restore democracy in the Philippines , and Stephen wound up playing a key role in that historic transition ," Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement on Thursday .                       
She posted a photograph of the four of them on Twitter , describing it as a " family wedding " though it is unclear how or if they are related .                                   
That night , he had dinner with a group of students as their guest , at a restaurant in Harvard Square .                                                     
It ' s a joke because if a white kid had said it they would never have acted in this way .                                                     
Meanwhile , a Russian air strike hit a school in northern Syria , killing 12 children and three adults , including a teacher , according to local activists .                                       
I think the voters are at a point where they don ' t have a high level of trust or confidence in anybody in politics .                                             
Now that we can view it from a safe distance , it is likely that 2015 will be looked back upon as a challenging year by the average UK worker .                                   
Price suffered a lower - body injury during a game in late October that forced him to miss nine games .                                                       
The issue will live or die depending on what Justice investigators , the only ones who know all the facts , decide .                                                   
But the Labor leader said he worried the former prime minister ' s views were widely held in the Liberal Party .                                                     
It came less than three months after I had started and so for the first year here I only played for maybe two months .                                               
Sanders " comments come after Hillary Clinton said she will be the one to secure the Democratic nomination and save Bloomberg from having to make a decision .                                         
New research shows that this is the first aid emergency that parents are most worried about , yet only one in four know how to help .                                           
With the country on high alert since then and right through the New year holiday season , soldiers will be out in force protecting official buildings and religious sites for the " Charlie " anniversary .                         
It ' s been fantastic and my hope is that we ' ll get lots more women working in Instagram .                                                       
I got a few kind friends to help me and it took a good two or three hours but we eventually managed to catch her and bring her back .                                     
Public sector union membership dropped from 54 . 8 percent to 50 . 5 percent - still much higher than states that have been right - to - work for decades .                                 
So far , so familiar : perhaps we ' ve all had enough of such ( almost always male ) characters .                                                     
Once he did the research , and found out about those things , he couldn ' t get them out of his head .                                                 
I just hope it doesn ' t affect the crowd and the crowd don ' t drop off now they know I ' ve signed .                                             
He doesn ' t want to answer questions form the men and women of Iowa about how his record doesn ' t match what he ' s selling .                                       
We knew we could continue to count on him to make plays down the stretch and tonight shows just how special he really is and can be .                                         
" He ' s going to get me a better job ," says the guy who checks me in at the door .                                                   
The council also came in for criticism from the judge , having taken until October 2013 to begin care proceedings .                                                       
However , as a peaceful nation and a nuclear powered - nation , North Korea will be a responsible state and will not use its nuclear power before [ an attack ] and will not transfer the technology to others .               
In Iraq , 19 strikes in nine different cities destroyed command centers , several fighting positions and vehicles , among other targets , the coalition said .                                           
All 10 major S & P sectors were higher , led by the 3 . 64 per cent rise in the energy sector .                                                 
" When you serve for 16 years , there are lot of people who , of course , are happy to see me gone , but many people have said they miss me ," Graham said .                       
Some account demand a minimum monthly pay in and others only offer the top interest rate for the first 12 months .                                                     
" Andy ' s in his prime , but I knew what my game plan was going to be ," he reflected .                                                   
While this is something everyone knows , obviously the government has not been able to publicly recognize this or tackle it in the past .                                               
Thomson , a former captain at Easter Road , will now enter his third spell at the Club , having started his career at Easter Road and returned between 2013 and 2014 .                               
The prosecution could ask for one month ' s detention , as was the case with other two officials arrested .                                                       
" Our revenue performance in the December 2015 half reflects the strong audience and revenue growth and momentum Ten achieved last year ," Ten chief executive Paul Anderson said .                                     
It is building in a way that they want to be challenging at the top all the time ," he said .                                                     
It ' s likely to be set at around 5 per cent , which will ensure the most toxic of penalties can be avoided .                                               
It ' s as if we ' re home again , still getting support from the mother ship , Microsoft , where our careers were born .                                           
So for him to progress in the next round against Andy he has to take risks ( but ) I don ' t think he has that in him yet .                                   
He needs to be taken out of the system that he joined as a kid to appreciate what he ' s got .                                                   
He admitted before the tournament he would leave the Open if it looked like the baby would be born during the two weeks he was playing , and he took the opportunity after the match to thank Kim .                   
They have played solid run defense for most of the season , although they have given up some big plays .                                                       
The offensive line and pass protection were the biggest problem , as Brady was sacked four times and hit 20 times .                                                     
I have got a point to prove now , because of the last three months when I have not played a lot of football .                                               
" It was a great way to start the year ," admitted the 27 - year - old , who has finished second four times in this event .                                       
" This case has ingredients I ' ve spent my life working on ," Edwards told Reuters in an interview on Monday .                                                   
In England I would be on something like £ 70 a week - very little spending power indeed if it ' s your only source of income .                                         
Committee members said they wanted to make Washington ' s resolve clear not just to Pyongyang , but to other governments .                                                     
We haven ' t won a game in the last seven and only scored once so we have to put that right .                                                   
At a campaign stop in Iowa on Saturday , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said he could shoot someone in public and still not lose any voters .                                         
It would trigger outrage were big , foreign banks to make donations to the Tory party to try to stop Labour ; it ' s OK , apparently , for them to finance one side in a referendum .                   
The standard of football ' s gone up , and there ' s a lot of good players from abroad who they bring over .                                               
The 35 - year - old actor posted a set of photos he took of the 35 - year - old actress to the social media site , and praised his wife of six - and - half years in the caption .           
He wouldn ' t just put his name to anything , so I ' ll give him credit for that .                                                       
" It ' s brilliant , the fact that people care about this TV show and what happens to the people they love or hate in it , is a special thing ," he added .                         
The country hosted over 68 million international tourists last year , its third consecutive year of record - beating numbers .                                                       
" It ' s just like a new round , I ' m not worried about it ," he added .                                                       
Why doesn ' t he come up and play it before he makes up his mind , that would be my suggestion .                                                   
At 19 , she wasn ' t eligible to attend high school , and her English was too poor to pursue her dreams of becoming a lawyer .                                         
" Well , even though you and I had an agreement that you wouldn ' t ask me that -- which we did -- I will , therefore , forget that you asked me that ," Trump said .                   
US stocks are widely regarded as being expensive at the moment , despite this week ' s sell - off .                                                       
" Of course , some of the Flint people respond by looking for someone to blame instead of working to reduce anxiety ," he added .                                             
The government forecasts the economy to grow between 6 . 5 percent and 7 percent a year for the next five years .                                                   
" While China remains a top investment priority , fewer companies are increasing their investment levels in China ," the report said .                                                   
The problem is if all the players in this moment had no injuries in pre - season , they are still in the race and can cope with this intensity .                                   
The result is that Saudi Arabia ' s currency has gone up against almost every other one at the same time that Saudi Arabia ' s economy needs it to go down .                               
This is exactly what we have repeatedly told the Obama administration could happen and why we do not want refugees coming to Texas .                                                 
Two weeks ago we had three centre - backs , at the start of the season we had five , now we have none .                                               
The first was a normal response to severe flooding in the north of the country that has left 20 , 000 people homeless .                                                 
But he acknowledged that he ' s " negative on what they ' re doing ," referring to the Obama administration .                                                     
I was not happy the attitude Charles had but I don ' t want to speak too much about that because maybe it was a long story for Charles at this football club and I came only at the end .               
It ' s going to take a little bit more time , but it was good to see that tonight .                                                       
New data shows there were 77 incidents involving mainstream primary school teaching staff in 2014 - 15 - up from 73 the year before and 34 in 2011 - 12 .                                   
He hit the practice courts yesterday afternoon but he did not want to see anyone , speak to anyone or even allow anyone to watch him work .                                         
A Treasury spokesman said : " Government will be making an announcement about rates beyond 2019 / 20 in due course .                                                       
The whole thing was rushed ; he had asked just two weeks earlier , and the engagement ceremony was taking place immediately .                                                   
She was reportedly last seen that morning when she said she was planning to visit shops and a friend in hospital .                                                     
All but one of the 15 states with the lowest levels of membership in public unions are right - to - work states .                                                 
And having done so , winning four times in the last eight months or so , the confidence and that belief has only continued to grow .                                           
It doesn ' t help that you always make that face when you ' re reading something on your computer - or that you ' re always reading something on your computer .                               
She had already made her decision , so obviously seeing her on the entry list this morning was great for us .                                                     
The third was just months later , and involved a sex assault on an 11 year - old girl in her own bed .                                                 
Obama held that emotional news conference on Tuesday , he scheduled the town hall event for Thursday , and he ' s been pushing his gun - control agenda on social media all week .                           
We didn ' t know how the character would go down , so we had no official contract over who owned what , or any advertising deal for our part in creating a character .                           
The meeting to be held on February 3 follows discussions in Westminster over developing a national strategy to enable better access to music therapy .                                               
I think I used the off season very well to train to get my body in the right shape , and I think it was a very good start .                                     
I mean , of course I want to enjoy , and I will , but it ' s not going to go more than few days .                                           
This app , however , claims to only show how much it ' s going to snow in your specific neighborhood or town over the next few days .                                       
He noted that in recent years , when oil prices were high , the country could count on nearly $ 8 billion per month in oil revenue , compared with less than $ 3 billion last month .                     
29 ( UPI ) -- Four workers were rescued from underground in China after being trapped in a mine for 36 days .                                                     
It currently has businesses in Aberdeen , Birmingham , Edinburgh and Manchester and is planning further investments across the south of England and Wales .                                               
At the SNP ' s first annual SNP disabled members " conference , she said : " From October this year we ' ll deliver a living wage of £ 8 . 25 for 40 , 000 social care workers across Scotland .             
A senior opposition official suggested the opposition may not travel to Geneva in the absence of confidence - building measures by the government regarding humanitarian issues .                                           
" Trump offered to appear at the debate upon the condition that Fox News contribute $ 5 million to his charities ," the network said .                                             
The total value of the company is 70 times the size of its earnings , so you get $ 1 in profit each year for every $ 70 you put in as owner of the company .                       
" Then I started to panic ," because while a few non - restaurant - industry friends were with him , none of his staff was .                                           
For just 24 - hours , a dozen rare objects of science , social , discovery and personal link between England and Australia were put on display at Australia House in London .                               
Britain ' s universities have always been places of debate , where radical ideas are tested with open , robust minds .                                                     
It ' s a good spot for me , the team is going in the right direction and I love it here .                                                   
In the absence of Trump , Cruz and Rubio had the most to gain or lose in Thursday night ' s debate .                                                   
Right when I caught them was when we hit the storm , with the wind and the rain , so I didn ' t push it .                                           
And it also happens to be what Republicans in the United States demand from their lawmakers at this particular point in history .                                                   
" What I don ' t like are the other ones that are coming in the mail like two or three a day , that attack the other fellow candidates ," he said .                             
" I sort of just want to change that story around and give myself another go with more experience and where I feel like I ' m a better player than I was two years ago ," he said .                 
If we can keep a hold of him for the semi that would be great but , if not , we ' ll wish him all the best .                                       
The 22 - year - old victim was rushed to a nearby hospital but died of her wounds , police said .                                                     
" We are committed to the North Sea and see a long - term future for our business here ," Thomas said .                                                   
The Australian share market has dropped by about 1 . 6 per cent after concerns about Chinese economic growth sparked falls on major markets around the world .                                         
MPs found that targets to improve diabetes care were not being met , including one set by the Department of Health which said that by 2018 , 80 per cent of patients should receive all the nine care checks recommended to keep them healthy .       
I ' ve dealt with a couple of people for whom this win has meant that they could pay for a relative to have some private health care which really was life changing .                             
It was supposed to be a fun day with a focus on food but when the food ran out the focus turned to those responsible .                                             
" Yes , a massive amount ," said the Edinburgh midfielder , who only won his first game against Glasgow last season .                                                   
Though the rocket used in December is capable of flight , it won ' t be used -- and likely never will be .                                                 
The pair admitted they were free to claim asylum in Spain but had decided they did not want to live there because they do not speak Spanish .                                         
Seattle defeated Carolina last year in the playoffs by a score of 31 - 17 to advance to its second Super Bowl in a row .                                             
Five months later , Ferguson won the FA Cup final and Manchester United were on their way to becoming the most successful English club of the Premier League era .                                     
Syria ' s nearly five - year civil war has killed more than 250 , 000 people , wounded a million and displaced half the country ' s population .                                     
We don ' t care about the rights of the victims or families whose lives are forever changed by gun violence .                                                     
That winter , a conservative activist named Mike Murray knocked on the door of Carson ' s new retirement home in Florida .                                                   
" What history is about is not a few people on top coming up with a few good ideas ," Sanders said .                                                   
The reality is that we have taken a very much different approach to what we are as a team than we took at this club three years ago .                                       
If the plan gets approved , it would be the second time the U . S . side of the falls has been shut down .                                             
People then asked if he could do it in Europe , but he did that this season and his game has improved all round .                                               
A man I was walking next to for several hundred meters in the early afternoon broke down in tears because he could finally say out loud what he wanted without fear of punishment .                             
The survey result comes as Prime Minister David Cameron is pushing for a deal from other EU leaders before holding a referendum on Britain ' s membership of the bloc which he could call as early as June this year .               
He said : " Much has been achieved in the first few years of Police Scotland but there is still more to be done , and I recognise the importance the public and partners place on the level of service we provide .             
" I am still candidate but I can ' t present myself now because I don ' t have the support that is needed ," he told a news conference late on Friday after meeting with the king .                   
" The time has come when I ' ve got my Premier League chance and I ' m looking forward to hopefully taking it ," he said .                                         
A spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry said police arrested one suspect after the bombing , according to the Washington Post .                                                     
So it is simply not true to say that Republican voters have no legitimate reason to be concerned about our immigration policy .                                                   
I have been through elections before and believe me I won ' t put my name into the hat unless I know that I have a good chance of winning ," he said .                             
Even as United Airlines said limited service might begin on Sunday afternoon in New York City , airports in the Washington DC area were likely to remain closed on Sunday .                                   
The country ' s three other top leaders - prime minister , president and National Assembly chairman - are nominated , but their actual selection is done by the National Assembly , which itself is elected about six months after the Congress .           
Trump ' s speech in December at a South Carolina rally , where he called for a " total and complete " ban on Muslims entering the United States , is featured in the hour - long video .                   
New England played well against the run most of the second half of the season , but the November trip to Denver was not one of those days .                                       
But if you bring up a whole generation of kids who know these skills , who know how to talk it out before fighting to resolve conflicts , it ' s going to change it .                         
The petition to ban Trump was launched after the American billionaire and leading Republican presidential candidate issued a series of controversial comments about Muslims .                                               
If he knows that a cut that he makes here and there might be painful then he just doesn ' t need to do it .                                             
I ' m not sure the people who have come forward in the harassment investigation have fully understood the impact they ' ve had .                                               
She said the league has come a long way in the time since she started working with players and clubs , but it still has a long way to go .                                   
It said the region ' s preliminary average December 2015 temperature was 36 . 7 degrees F ( 2 . 61 C ), or 10 . 7 degrees above normal .                                   
People can vote for one of the three to appear on the note , which will be issued in 2017 .                                                       
It ' s still important , but it ' s not the same kind of make or break issue that it was then .                                                 
While you ' re out building your network , find people who are doing the jobs that you think you may be into , and ask them what other events you should attend or if there ' s a project that you can help them with .   
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn meanwhile , is enjoying a better approval rating than David Cameron , with the Prime Minister on - 33 to Mr Corbyn ' s - 23 .                                   
The Scotland - and northern England - focused bank is being sold by the National Australia Bank and its shares should start trading in London on 2 February .                                       
As part of our long - term economic plan , we are making the biggest investment in roads in a generation .                                                     
We don ' t look at guys to fill the squad as we already have a good squad - we are only really looking for top quality players .                                       
And every so often you can ­ really help people , making a difference to their life , which makes the job worth doing .                                               
But of course it will take a very long time for everybody involved to fight , and we are happy to take this fight .                                               
Whether I ' ll go on to have the best year of my career , I have no idea but I ' m going to try to , that ' s for sure .                             
While Israel has no direct ties to Saudi Arabia , the countries have a shared concern over Iran ' s growing influence .                                                   
Trump said he is not doing the debate for a number of reasons , including that he has " zero respect " for Kelly .                                               
He said he was " surprised " that it was so rare for children ' s books to have won the prize in previous years .                                             
He is also worried that he won ' t get the education he travelled so far for , saying : " They don ' t send me to school .                                       
It ' s going to take a bit more time but I see us getting closer and this is a great opportunity with home advantage to get a result .                                     
And , as President , I decided that a strong , confident America could advance our national security by engaging directly with the Iranian government .                                             
It ' s a situation that ' s increasingly common , the result of parents who live much longer , have fewer defined benefit pension plans and face high retirement costs .                                 
Both levels of government have acknowledged services such as Uber will one day operate - and that could mean new regulations .                                                     
" It ' s one tennis match , it doesn ' t matter what ' s happened in the past really ," Murray said .                                               
I am now very happy with my form and going off to Australia is the perfect way to start the new year .                                                   
Nine weeks ago she shared on Instagram several pictures that she suggested had been taken of her in her neighborhood without her consent .                                                 
If he didn ' t want me as a mother when his father was alive he certainly won ' t now that he has passed on .                                           
One of the sources said Britain planned to send at least one of the four F - 35 jets it has already received to the air shows .                                         
I never thought I would be in this place where all your kids are taken care of and settled down and have a home , and that ' s such a joy for a mom .                         
Yes , it ' s correct I want to go there , it ' s a huge club and so many great players have passed through there .                                         
This list could have been a lot bigger but it was decided , to save time and space , to cut it to a top 25 .                                           
That goal is more important than making full service available at the weekend height of the storm , he said .                                                       
" It ' s good to mix it with these guys because it ' s good to show the kids where we really come from ," he said .                                       
He didn ' t do all that much on the park , but then they may not have been expected to .                                                     
In 2009 , the British government commissioned a comprehensive study of the matter and has not allowed women to take on all combat roles .                                               
This year ' s European Championship in France will have 24 teams for the first time , eight more than the last tournament in 2012 .                                             
5 ( UPI ) -- A U . S . special operations soldier was killed Tuesday and another injured when their unit came under attack by the Taliban in Afghanistan , U . S . defense officials said .                     
" It ' s an important step ," said Brown , a Democrat , in a conference call with reporters on Wednesday .                                                   
The law is also likely to affect you if you temporarily own two properties in the UK , for example if you were waiting for the sale of one to go through .                               
WASHINGTON The United States and its allies conducted 23 strikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria on Monday , the coalition leading the operations said in a statement .                                     
She added that he was now discussing with councils " the appropriate amount " they should receive to deal with the aftermath of Storm Frank .                                             
Little did he know that his daughter had been trying to track him down and eventually grew so concerned she contacted police .                                                   
There were a few words said after that game and we were in the next day , even though it was supposed to be our day off .                                         
One of their favourite stories is about an 11 - month - old boy , who came to them while his mother , who didn ' t know she was pregnant until delivery , and her partner had time to work out what to do .     
And when we were deciding whether to run , particularly when you ' re parents of young girls , that ' s not an easy decision .                                           
It ' s great to get back into the game and hopefully we can prove ourselves here and improve the club .                                                     
Sanders entered the new year with $ 28 . 4 million in the bank for his primary campaign , compared to the nearly $ 38 million the Clinton campaign said it had on hand as of Dec .                     
" I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed ," Trump tweeted after ABC made its announcement .                                                     
If successful Scott would take over as chairman in the initial period , while a fan representative would also be appointed to the club ' s board .                                         
" To me , my sisters " partners are first - class members of our extended family ," he said .                                                       
He added : " I struggled to read the menu and that ' s when I realised there was a problem .                                                       
Other models would give other nations more power to block such a change , an idea that is less attractive to Mr . Cameron .                                               
That was to replace all the foreign customers who disappeared during the financial crisis with even more infrastructure spending until Chinese customers were ready to take their place .                                       
It is unlikely , the authors said , that the couple will make their relationship more " official " before the end of his five year term in 2017 .                                     
Asked to select the top issue for the next president in the first 100 days of the new administration , 24 percent of voters nationwide who said the country was on the wrong track picked immigration - making it the most popular choice by that group .   
The group has been a target for right - wing politicians and activists in their recent campaign against organizations critical of the Israeli government that receive funding from foreign governments .                                   
" I don ' t want anyone to assume that because the city is dealing with her criminal behavior , that this problem goes away ," he said .                                       
The Met has settled seven other cases out of court but yesterday dropped its defence against Wilson , who was involved with Kennedy from 2003 .                                             
It is in its power to cut oil supplies to North Korea and to close its border to trade , measures that would soon bring the North Korean economy to a halt .                               
Seattle ( 9 - 6 ) will open the playoffs on the road in the first round at either Green Bay , Minnesota or Washington .                                             
Still , the good news is that you can do a lot to improve your retirement security by keeping your investment costs low .                                                 
And that , in turn , suggests that the Federal Reserve can afford to go slowly in raising interest rates , despite rapid job growth .                                             
If you feel you can build a relationship with the player during the time he ' s on loan , then maybe you can keep him longer .                                         
The landmark building whose address he had been giving to taxi drivers turned out to be the headquarters of the secret police .                                                   
He said the search engine had confirmed that the money was in a holding account and he would now send the car .                                                   
The winner of tonight ' s match will become the first player of the Open era to play in six Australian Open finals .                                                 
For example , on the last tour Warren went back and was involved with the Welsh set - up for two weeks through the November Test series .                                         
Or they might try to beat the market by buying when they think prices are going up and selling when , like now , things start to look bad .                                     
A substantial number of UK publicly quoted companies are planning to address the In / Out issue over the next several months in their " risk assessment " reports , published with annual accounts .                           
It ' s such a fine line today between winning and losing , that we all could have done a little bit more and it might have had a different result , but it wasn ' t .                     
It appears obvious that it will soon be adopted in competition proper , probably from as early as next year .                                                       
The remote supports voice recording , although this won ' t be available at launch and couldn ' t be tried out .                                                   
There are plenty of flights , too - from as little at £ 80 return if you pick your times carefully .                                                     
He said : " We can do so much better in telling the stories of Scotland to Scottish audiences , but also from that to the whole of the UK and to the world .                             
The Supreme Court is set to rule by the end of June on whether Obama had the power to make the change .                                                   
His closest rival for the nomination , Texas senator Ted Cruz , had 19 per cent with no other candidate on double figures .                                                 
It is so hard to lose them both together , but at the same time it is nice to know they have never been apart , they have lived long and happy lives and they lived it together .                   
Facebook last week launched a new feature , Sports Stadium , designed to compete with Twitter as a hub for following discussion of American football in real time .                                       
It found that UK export growth in the single market was 22 . 3 per cent lower than it would have been had if it had continued at its rate during the common market .                           
If Trump or Cruz can ' t get their people to the polls , an easy race can become a close race and a close race can become a disaster .                                   
The way Saint John police conducted their investigation was a central issue during the second - degree murder trial , which began in September .                                               
She admitted to her friends she had hit a tree , but promised to take better care of her new car .                                                     
With the new detention in Belgium , nine men are now in jail there in connection with the attacks , and two more are facing charges but have been released until they are required to appear before a judge .                 
She said : " I had a lot of difficulties in getting an appointment for genetic testing which I thought would put people off .                                                 
When I ask my players to do something , they never say I can ' t do that , they always say they will give it their best shot .                                     
" But I was worried about leaving my house and taking them to the doctor , this guy is still on the lose and we are very scared ," she said .                                 
After the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the New York Police Department began an intense surveillance operation that focused on Muslims in New York City and beyond .                                     
" I want the very best for the university and to work with my colleagues in any way that I can to make a great institution ," he said .                                     
He and a friend said they have felt pressure to move from the area since Super Bowl City construction began last week , and that police and others have told them about a new shelter where they could go .                 
When I was open , I didn ' t really have a great touch , but down the stretch I had to get going against a tough - playing , hard - playing team .                           
Last month , he lost a legal challenge at the UK ' s Supreme Court to a planned offshore wind farm near the course .                                               
" What is clear is that North Korea is moving forward with its nuclear weapons program and that the United States , China and the international community need to come up with more effective ways to deal with this growing threat ," he said .       
Obama will give plenty of speeches this year , and some of them - like this week ' s remarks on gun violence - are sure to draw notice .                                     
Although the Federal Reserve has raised rates in the US , the Bank of England is keeping rates at rock - bottom levels .                                                 
The proposal includes step increases and a cost - of - living raise for teachers along with $ 40 million to boost teacher salary levels .                                             
The United States is pledged to defend Taiwan if it is attacked - but in one of the world ' s most sensitive diplomatic " grey areas ," that is on the understanding that Taiwan will not actually do so .               
The lifting of the sanctions came after Iran agreed to a historic deal to significantly slow its development of a nuclear weapon program .                                                 
We have a large number of artists from across the UK supporting Jeremy ' s leadership and willing to work on behalf of the Labour Party .                                           
The 30 - year mortgage rate dropped 11 basis points to 3 . 81 percent , the lowest rate in three months .                                                   
The court on Monday is expected to consider a motion by her lawyers to reduce the $ 1 million bond that she is being held on .                                           
And while Scotland ' s North Sea oil industry has suffered severe pain , since when did falling oil become such terrible news ?                                                 
First , I think , because the rise of a new European right makes a more exciting story , particularly for a generation raised on old Second World War movies , than the truth of the far right ' s relative failure .           
It represents a hard - working body of professionals who have raised legitimate concerns about the Government ' s proposals .                                                       
" The voice of business must be heard - in Britain and across the whole of the continent ," Mr Cameron will say .                                                 
The hotel is a nice five - star but once they step into the training centre , it is about business .                                                     
As a result , his appointment is designed to represent a change of tone at the top to what the Chancellor calls a " tough but fair " stance .                                     
I had a meeting with the team and I said Chris has done a fantastic job for England over the last four years , but we ' ve decided to take a new direction .                           
Any role that was interesting , fun , challenging , intense , different or something that I would enjoy were the main reasons I would do it .                                         
Only 11 % say she would be poor or terrible - and of Sanders supporters , 68 % say Clinton would make a good or great president .                                         
" We still believe that investment in these high growth economies will deliver significant returns over the longer term ," said Aberdeen .                                                   
I couldn ' t hole from outside two feet so I thought I ' d hit a couple of shots within two feet on the last two holes .                                       
A total of 66 cases were reported worldwide , including 25 in Spain , 17 in Germany , 10 in Italy , six in France , three in Austria and one in the UK .                           
The business outlook survey , released four times a year , is based interviews with executives roughly 100 companies , selected to reflect the diversity of the Canadian business sector .                                   
The company began testing the feature in December 2014 ; it will begin rolling it out to all users Friday .                                                       
Just when I understood what the numbers were that I ' m looking at , it ' s what broke my heart .                                                   
He was a signing that we felt could come in and improve the team . That is where we are and we would love to make another signing like that , and if we can ' t then we will go with what we have .     
I think sometimes you ' ve got to embrace some different ideas , but my personal opinion is that you ' ve got to improve the quality of the product .                                   
An investigation , following a number of complaints after photographs of the students were posted on social media , was ordered .                                                     
" They do not have a safe , quiet and particularly tonight , a dry place to sleep ," he said .                                                     
Johnson ' s trip is an effort to respond to Turkish complaints that Washington has not been specific about steps it wants Turkey to take , the U . S . officials said .                             
Now , as for why Trump said what he said and when he said it , there are a few facts that can also be offered here .                                         
When you see the circumstances - we have eight injuries , you cannot say that is the manager ' s fault because five or six are contact injuries , and it ' s also the same position , full - back .             
United , the second - largest U . S . airline , has taken a bigger sales hit than peers from last quarter ' s nearly 20 - percent decline in U . S . crude prices .                     
In her evidence the woman described the alleged rape , saying she was aware of what was happening around her , she could hear voices and feel her body being touched but she could barely move .                       
Those under legal orders for such things as domestic violence will be required to hand over their weapons to authorities .                                                       
The festival will open British companies to new markets , new partners and new ideas , all of which can help take them to the next level .                                         
It was noticed that , when the Western fighters go shopping they buy the most expensive goods , in contrast to the local residents who suffer poverty .                                         
1 scoring offence in the league entering last weekend after putting up at least 27 points in 12 consecutive games .                                                       
My concern is that we ' ve been arguing in these sorts of terms for at least 50 years and we just can ' t find a way out of it .                                 
He ' s still young and he ' s learning , and you have to bear in mind that he ' s only been playing 11 - a - side football for a few years .                         
" He continued to take pictures despite his injuries ," he said as he looked me in the eye , raise a pointed finger to me and said .                                       
It ' s not every night , but the majority of the time I ' m trying to make sure I ' m there for my team .                                         
" I got on the set one day and heard they changed it , and I said , " What are you doing here ?                                                 
Google and Tesla have already tested models in the streets in California , Texas and Detroit , and technology experts expect that in the next 20 years , they ' ll be prominent features on the road in nearly every major U . S . city .   
Out of all of the candidates , Trump has had the most aggressive travel schedule , hitting at least five or six different states each week .                                           
Those who were put into the recovery position were ultimately 72 percent less likely to be admitted to the hospital than those who weren ' t put in the position .                                   
Mr Smith retired the same month , but is among those facing questions after he failed even to fill in the section in his report that asked for " how , when and where " she died .                     
He was diagnosed with stomach cancer in Turkey , where he fled to but couldn ' t afford medical treatment .                                                       
It said the phone will be revealed in March and go on sale either at the end of the month or in April .                                                 
It ' s not like that every night , but as long as my effort ' s consistent , I think I ' ll be able to make a few plays here and there .                           
The also can tell you that they can give you the best advice on how to avoid tax on your pension , or get a higher sum for lower tax .                                   
Most people are more likely to say that the drive is worth $ 50 if the device costs $ 500 or $ 300 , rather than $ 1 , 000 .                                   
Having people go out of their way to meet your needs is nice and there should be more of it , when you don ' t trust them to tell you if something is impossible or just a bit difficult , you stop asking .       
Sanders , who went first , was aggressive in attacking Clinton , while she did not directly attack him when it was her turn to take the stage .                                       
In fact , the last time the President ' s ratings stood this strong was in December 2012 , in the wake of his re - election .                                         
The German bank believes that the renewed oil sell - off could add to growth for euro area economies across 2016 .                                                     
" When you start to look at some of the forecasts for earnings growth in 2016 , you ' re not expected to see much in the first quarter or second ," while big profit gains are expected later in the year , he said .     
It was a lovely unit , and we sold it at the time of year when the leaves were out , so it was really pretty .                                           
A senior official said that Bashar al - Assad ' s representatives were going to Geneva " to listen , not to negotiate ," adding that the regime was confident of military victory this year .                         
We might put a deadline on our request , such as , " In the next 15 minutes I ' ll need your help in the kitchen ," but we give the children the freedom to choose when they will help .               
She said that the children would be " over and above " the 20 , 000 migrants that Britain has already agreed to accept .                                               
" I got outside , saw the ball and knew I had to go up and get it ," Adams said .                                                     
" With China , you really want to build relationships first , before you get to the practical parts of building a business ," he said .                                           
He ' s at 12 percent support , behind front - runner Donald Trump ( 33 percent ) and Texas Sen . Ted Cruz , who ' s just ahead of Kasich with 14 percent .                         
If the effort has any impact at all , it is likely to be with younger , female voters who are the core of abortion - rights groups " membership .                                   
But the idea was that it was not meant to be easy , it was to be a challenge , like it is for people with cancer .                                         
The vice president - who declined last October to launch his own presidential bid - predicted the party would win back control of the Senate and had an outside chance at the House majority .                           
The cause of the crash was not immediately known , and a military panel has been established to conduct an investigation .                                                     
" It ' s a very loud organization and the leaders in particular are very loud people so they attract attention ," he said .                                               
However , the country has potential to generate 10 . 0 % of total electricity demand through renewable sources by 2020 .                                                     
After 24 hours in custody , the 41 - year - old was allowed to return to Australia with her son .                                                     
Then they continued to edge up after that as the Fed basically kept saying that it wanted to raise rates but wouldn ' t just quite yet .                                         
What many haven ' t picked up on is that a Sanders presidency would be a first in a couple other ways .                                                   
" Most of these guys I write to , all they want is to reach out and have a human hand ," he said .                                               
The price is 27 cents lower than this time a year ago , when the price was $ 2 . 14 .                                                     
Senator Paul , you were the only candidate - Democrat or Republican - willing to share your views on executive authority with the New York Times .                                           
I would only be on stage in the first debate , in October , if I received one per cent in three polls within the six weeks prior .                                       
We know we ' ve got it in there , we ' ve got the players , we just need to stick to the game - plan ," he said .                                   
A dry January , both in weather and alcohol terms , seems like a good idea , especially for political leaders .                                                     
" With all respect to client C , one of the problems for her in respect to her health related to her weight ," she added .                                           
And then you always know she ' s somewhere in the world [ and ] can reach out and touch you .                                                     
In addition to the wet weather , snow is expected over higher ground in northern , western and central Britain .                                                       
That ' s good news for Cruz , who leads Trump by 15 points , 41 - 26 , with that group .                                                   
So it is difficult to get everyone in the same place but so long as everybody is willing to try to make it work , it will carry on .                                     
Time and again we hear about parent groups who want to set up a free school but the local authority stands in the way by making it impossible to find a site and ultimately it ' s children who lose out .             
North America held the major share of global transportation fuel market , accounting for more than 30 % of the global transportation fuel consumption .                                               
Bush isn ' t the only candidate spending at high - end hotels , but it ' s a high proportion of his overall hotel spending .                                           
When the victim turned around she saw the accused was holding a gun , which he was pointing directly at her .                                                     
So that ' s why we ' re working on stuff to improve and to look like what tennis is going to be in the next years and I think she ' s doing quite well .                       
We call on all parties to cease targeting journalists and to free immediately all members of the media that they are holding .                                                   
" It ' s given the students connections with the school - opportunities have been opened up that they possibly wouldn ' t have had before ," Mrs Christie said .                                   
He showed up late yet again and was sacked , so he decided to go out and " celebrate " with a friend .                                                 
" There may be the situation in which a number of people would like to come out openly and say " I don ' t agree with the party leadership on the EU ," but prefer not to say so in public .           
But the Local Government Association has welcomed the plans and called for more councils to be given control over funding .                                                       
He will then almost certainly win the South Carolina primary -- he ' s already way ahead -- on Feb .                                                       
Only two Democrats in the House voted for the committee ' s creation in November ; Edwards was not one of them .                                                   
A lot of my friends had gone into the City or started their own business and there was a point where I thought is this really for me ?                                       
That means any " concerned " authority will have the power to object to the decision made by the " lead " authority -- the one where the company has its EU headquarters .                             
Also mentioned was the country ' s record on indigenous and disabled rights , same - sex marriage and foreign policy .                                                     
I also spoke to players I am close to outside the England set - up and they were all fine with it .                                                   
You know , he ' s wanted to do this for a long time and he never pulled the trigger ," Trump added .                                                 
She is , I think , a really effective strong leader and really right now the major leader in Europe , not just in Germany .                                             
On top of pension savings , previous earnings and a lifetime of being in work , these must be rich people .                                                     
It wasn ' t that long ago that I - and many other people I know - would have argued that Twitter was more than just another social network .                                     
As a player , as a captain I felt I did that and now I will hopefully give it a go as a coach or manager one day .                                       
The New Year ' s Eve attacks have called into question Germany ' s open - door immigration policy , which led to the protests .                                             
Police said the adult did not appear to be paying any attention to the boy ' s driving , focusing instead on the screen of his phone .                                         
" We thank our lucky stars , otherwise we would have been right in the middle of it ," he said .                                                     
The injury must be a concern for Williams with less than two weeks to go until she begins the defence of her Australian Open title .                                             
If I was a junior doctor I would want this new contract because I would want to know that the support that I get around me when I go into work at the weekend is the same as I get in the week .         
We ' ve learned , for instance , that Hillary Clinton is no better candidate now than she was in 2008 , and , in fact , seems much worse .                                   
There ' s clear evidence of what works and as a priority action must be taken to ensure best practice in treatment and education is adopted across the board .                                     
It ' s enough that the Fed thinks it has to increase interest rates today to keep inflation in check tomorrow .                                                     
If the property is to be used as the primary and permanent residence for the next 10 years , a reduced rate of 5 per cent will apply .                                       
Both worked manufacturing jobs , and at one point both were laid off when the factory where they worked moved overseas .                                                     
Yet Cameron ' s claim to be " fighting hard for Britain " may not be believed when there ' s another 18 months or so to go before he has to call the referendum .                         
But make sure when you do it , you do yourself , your family , the country and that flag tied around your neck proud .                                             
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump released an attack ad targeting GOP rival Sen . Ted Cruz ' s stance on immigration .                                                     
Mr Corbyn attempted to draw a line under the changes on Monday during an appearance on BBC Radio Four ' s Today programme .                                                 
More details about the cost cuts will be given alongside the fund manager ' s half - year results , due in May .                                                 
Financial abuse against women is more likely to start at key life stages , such as moving in with a partner , getting married or starting a family , according to the study of more than 4 , 000 adults .               
By itself , the virus is not normally life - threatening , and most people who become infected have no symptoms at all .                                                 
" I didn ' t know what would happen , whether he would torture me , kill me or rape me ," she told investigators .                                             
She said : " I wanted the report to say this shouldn ' t have happened and spell out the mistakes made but I know no - one is going to admit that .                               
And I was still having fun doing them , but it got to the point where I couldn ' t develop anything else .                                                 
We ' ve all been eating together and everything , it ' s not like we ' re in different rooms and not talking to each other .                                         
The White House said Wednesday the President was looking forward to using the event as an opportunity to engage with Americans on both sides of the gun debate .                                       
Seattle finished as the top - ranked rushing defense in the league this season , allowing just 81 . 5 yards per game .                                                 
" I don ' t think it went down too well with all these people around the world ," the Prince said , with a smile .                                           
And yellow " be aware " warnings remain in force for parts of Northern Ireland , Wales , the South West , South East and North East of England .                                     
What had not been explained to you and wasn ' t to me until I asked was that although the figures showed up twice , the final total was right .                                   
A court spokesman did not immediately confirm the report , saying the charges had yet to be formally made public .                                                       
The economy grew 6 . 7 percent last year , and foreign investment reached a record $ 14 . 5 billion .                                                     
But we ' ve got a big , good squad and it ' s an opportunity for someone else to come in now .                                                 
I thought about it , but only briefly , before I concluded that this was the time to step forward and provide support .                                                 
For instance , if company data shows typical female managers earn , say , 25 percent less than typical male managers , the government may launch an investigation .                                       
When I see him play now , and he hasn ' t been much in training recently , he can be the difference if he is game fit .                                       
Police said the incident happened Friday night when people had gathered outside the Muslim Association of Canada Center during a " welcome night " for newly arrived Syrian refugees .                                     
Other products - a category that includes the Apple TV and the Apple Watch - generated $ 4 . 3 billion in revenue , up 62 percent .                                         
It is hard to escape the impression that the British Medical Association wants industrial action more than it wants a settlement of its junior doctors " dispute with the Government .                                   
I retired from first - class cricket last year , but still love playing the game and believe I have a bit still to offer at club level .                                       
No employer has ever gone through the trouble of writing the request and I no longer need to write the notes .                                                     
I ' ve known Angela since the 1990s , she and I actually appeared on a German TV show together .                                                       
The agreement , which would create the largest U . S . government services provider , is subject to regulatory approval , and is expected to close in the third or fourth quarter of 2016 .                         
" We don ' t have any European games in the second half of the season this time , so that was a factor ," he said .                                         
I thank my great group of teammates who have delivered on our strategy and are the foundation of our valuable platform .                                                     
We had a great run in the Scottish last year and will be looking to do the same this season .                                                       
They say there is little discussion of a student ' s well - being , psychological state or the cause of the misconduct .                                                 
If we ' re 2 - 0 up we want to score more goals and it ' s the same even if we ' re 5 - 0 ahead .                                     
The S & P 500 has fallen 7 . 3 per cent through Thursday since Fed raised interest rates last month for the first time in nearly a decade .                                     
The deal was agreed on the understanding that the vaccine will be submitted for a license by the end of 2017 .                                                     
" They can joke about traffic , but they can ' t talk about what happened to these women ?" she asked .                                                   
When it ' s at 8 per cent we ' d start to worry , when it was at 12 per cent , it ' s a good day .                                     
I was delighted with the performance of the players on Tuesday and that ' s the way to get more playing time as well .                                               
We need to win because we want to be at the end ( of the season ) in the top of the league , and not the middle of the league .                                 
In three years as secretary of state , Kerry has traveled almost 1 million miles and visited 77 countries , some for only a few hours .                                           
But that doesn ' t usually include the question of what cities should control , and what should be left to the state .                                                 
I became a mum which is of course a huge transition in itself but becoming a mum was always my greatest desire in life .                                               
The 17 - year - old male charged in the shooting deaths of four people in northern Canada appeared briefly in court on Monday and remained in custody , media reported .                                 
" I am sure if he has done it in the top league he can do it in this league as well ," he continued .                                             
By taking the time and spending the effort to appreciate the positive , people are able to experience more well - being .                                                   
The attack took place shortly after India beat Afghanistan in the final of a regional soccer championship , a game that attracted wide interest in Afghanistan .                                           
In recent weeks , Rubio has also been attacked from several sides as various rivals see him as a threat , running more than $ 22 million in negative ads against him .                               
But do we at some level have to go on having some sort of relationship with them because we need a solution to the Syria crisis - yes we do but we do it with clear eyes and a very cold heart .           
But , if any good is going to come from this , we must look beyond the crime itself and examine the environment in which it occurred .                                         
" I don ' t have to be angry or cause drama ," said Moore , a 10 - year employee .                                                     
And it ' s not just that they don ' t agree on what to do ; they don ' t even agree on which issues are important .                                       
During the 19th century in Edinburgh anyone detained and charged with a crime had to choose between paying a small bond or being locked up , and as most women couldn ' t afford to pay , they often ended up behind bars .         
WASHINGTON The United States and its allies conducted 25 strikes against Islamic State in Iraq on Sunday , the coalition leading the operations said in a statement released on Monday .                                   
Over the past decade in America , more than 100 , 000 people have been killed as a result of gun violence , the White House says .                                         
Such a step would raise concern in Israel that other European countries , also long opposed to its settlement - building in occupied territory , would follow suit .                                       
So I say for the 2016 - 2017 when the Panthers come to play in Seattle he should be banned from entering the stadium .                                               
The company held a prominent meeting of Chinese and American tech leaders in Seattle in September that was a major stop of the Chinese president during his tour of the United States .                               
I don ' t think you can kid thousands of Celtic supporters and what they want to see is a better product on the park and more entertainment .                                       
We ' re still looking very closely around London to find an appropriate site , but it has presented challenges in terms of space and cost and we ' ve been talking to numerous developers about trying to find the right place .           
In his second term , there have been 62 . 7 million background checks already , with a year still to go .                                                   
They ' ve not really done as well at home , they ' ve won all their games but it ' s not been the big wins like away from home .                                 
Bob ' s next step is to be released into the wild as part of Australia Zoo ' s wildlife rescue program .                                                   
This is leading to what we hope will be a Geneva success story if we are able to push it forward .                                                     
That ' s one reason why gender diversity has improved because there ' s been that collection of data and there hasn ' t been in ethnic or cultural diversity ," he said .                             
38 per cent of games businesses in our survey expect that their prices will increase over the next 12 months .                                                       
I don ' t know if it as just his presence , but it was just a little energy that came through the building .                                               
I talked to them about different decisions I had made and how I was going to try and improve because it started with me .                                               
If you don ' t follow your heart over the next two or three days you could miss out for good .                                                     
He wants to speak , he wants to share that information and what a win - win situation that will be for us over the next few years .                                       
He said simply that it was " a decision for the commission " to decide whether to investigate , although he stressed that Google had agreed to pay all the tax that is due .                           
In contrast , the Democratic candidate in 1990 was a little - known candidate who wasn ' t supported by the state ' s major Democrats .                                           
It should be celebrated that for the first time , fewer than half of the top 100 secondary schools are private , with state schools citing improved teaching and more frequent partnership with the independent sector as reasons for the good results .           
" Cruz has a much bigger operation in Iowa , twice as many people have been contacted by the Cruz campaign than by Trump ' s , yet more people have committed to come out and vote for Trump ," added Mr Murray .         
A survey of more than 1 , 700 adults for the campaign group found that three out of five believed train services in the UK were poor value for money , with a similar number supporting public ownership .                   
The survey found 23 per cent of pension plans were more than 100 per cent funded at the end of the third quarter , a decline from 37 per cent above full funding at the end of June .                   
As part of Duke Energy ' s process , customers may get a text or phone call from the company to confirm their power has returned .                                           
The subject did not ask for any changes ," the magazine wrote at the top of the interview , which was published on its website on Saturday evening .                                       
Iran , too , was gaining in strength by its ability to shape the conduct of the war in Yemen , by ensuring no quick victory for Saudi - led forces .                                 
He said : " This decision was not an easy one to make but I felt I needed to be true to myself .                                                   
It is too soon to say how many of the million migrants who arrived in Europe in 2015 will be eligible for asylum .                                                 
Trump " is the only one of the candidates on either side that has answers to questions ," Smith said .                                                       
A third concluded that he did not die in the reported crash , but it did not address the possibility he went to the then - Soviet Union .                                       
The opportunity to compete with and against the best players in the world every day was an honor that I never took for granted .                                               
" I don ' t have to be angry or cause drama ," said Ms . Moore , 53 , who had worked at Disney for 10 years .                                       
This was billions that was either going to sit in Washington , he said , or come back to Ohio to fast - track his health reforms .                                         
Other non - operating expense was $ 1 . 6 million , as compared to $ 1 . 3 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2015 .                                       
It ' s nice to challenge yourself and there ' s definitely a lot more pressure when you ' re leading the first run .                                               
He said what he wants from his No 6 is world - class work rate , so I have to keep trying to prove myself in that sense .                                       
Every night , it ' s like live television ," Trump said , letting himself imagine a rally where he wouldn ' t be held to account for what was said .                                 
This is something he wanted and I ' m happy for him , and I think it ' s going to be a good thing for everyone .                                         
He asked his mother to open a bank account in his name , so that he would have savings with which to start a business when he got out .                                     
That ' s a really tough zone they play but I thought our defense was as tough as it needed to be .                                                   
On Monday , McDonald ' s said that same - store sales ( those open for at least 13 months ) increased by 5 . 7 percent in the last three months of 2015 , more than twice what analysts had expected .           
The site went live in June , Watson said , and in the first two hours it received 100 , 000 hits .                                                   
Obama basically caught Clinton by surprise in 2008 , but this year Clinton has been aware of Sanders " threat for months .                                                   
I don ' t want to be too far from home , I want to be close to the people that voted for me .                                               
" You hear a promise to build a whole new system , but that ' s not what you get ," she added .                                                 
As a result I have decided that this is not the right job for me at this stage of my career .                                                     
We ' ve been in this situation a few times this year and haven ' t turned it into something else , and we have to make sure we do that .                                 
" The rough is still high over there and thick and you ' ve still got to drive it good to get yourself into position ," he said .                                       
Of course , they are taking a big risk by doing that because of where we are in the league table .                                                     
My doctor told me to fill out those forms properly , you would need a doctor and a lawyer in the room with you .                                               
Almost 1 , 000 students from over 100 schools and organizations in the Los Angeles area took part in the day .                                                     
The poor will not have a means to invest in their players and the game that the rich are going to have .                                                   
This might play into the role of your phone or other digital devices , but it ' s the basic values and being on the same page with them which is key .                               
" The form of the talks does not concern us , but the conditions must be appropriate for the negotiations ," he told Reuters .                                               
The settlement may help bring some measure of resolution to a bitter debate over the proper balance between civil rights and tactics meant to prevent terrorism .                                           
Since their arrest , the men have been held on charges that include holding meetings to plan for protests on Jan .                                                     
" There are real concerns again for this weekend and we have Met Office warnings in place for the north - east of Scotland ," he said .                                         
And I ' ve said this before , we want to make sure that all of our players are in good shape as people first , players second .                                       
She said that ahead of the tour and following complaints , prison authorities brought warm clothes for the prisoners and conditions have improved .                                                 
It ' s one of 100 names , I think , that have already been mentioned and linked with Newcastle .                                                       
" To be honest , we decided to get married because of two very sad deaths of people we knew ," she says .                                                 
Los Angeles had an 8 - 0 run in the first quarter and opened a 13 - point lead before ending the quarter with a 34 - 27 advantage .                                     
She told the Birmingham Mail : " In every city there will be places where there are groups of men , drunk , and lots of stuff going on , and women have to constantly worry about being felt up and suffering street harassment .         
That ' s an increase of 0 . 1 percent from the previous week and almost 1 percent higher than the same week last year .                                             
France joined the U . S .- led coalition against Islamic State extremists in Iraq in 2014 and expanded its operations to Syria in September .                                             
I ' ll never forget it , the team bus was making its way out the car park afterwards and there were fans everywhere .                                               
When you are in a situation where one individual has to have a wonder series for his team to win , it rarely happen .                                               
Authorities declined to estimate how much consumers " power costs would increase as a result , though some Argentina news media predicted bills could jump as much as 500 percent for some users .                             
They might have been working in jobs that did not pay well but offered health insurance sponsored by the employer .                                                       
Until recently , the condition was so rare that Brazil ' s Health Ministry did not require regional officials to report it .                                                   
By the time I had been there for a year and a half , I must have performed in at least 30 to 40 plays .                                             
" I think for anyone who is innocent , whose name gets talked about with that stuff , then you feel sorry for them if they have done nothing wrong ," said Murray .                             
We ' re just having fun , we keep winning at the moment and we try to do our best .                                                       
Yes every player needs a number to be picked but don ' t just choose the guy who scores the most runs .                                                   
About 40 migrants have died so far this year off Turkey ' s coast while trying to cross into Greece , the coast guard says .                                             
In the next round those things will still be important , but I ' m aware that there ' s going to be a lot of longer rallies and it ' s about being more solid and consistent from the back of the court .       
Yet Trump is out of time , and if he is to win he knows he needs to win over the religious corner of the GOP if he is to win in Iowa .                             
Sir Eric told The Sunday Telegraph said there was " a strong case " for asking voters to sign for ballot papers and it would form part of his review .                                   
One of the biggest challenges for retailers is that shoppers just don ' t spend the way they used to .                                                       
I said to my players that I can worry about results because if they keep playing like that then the results will come .                                                 
At present , people from black and ethnic minority groups make up over a quarter of prisoners in England and Wales , but only 14 per cent of the wider population .                                 
Fire crews were expected to remain at the scene on Monday night to put out spot fires and monitor burning trees .                                                     
He would pay for the state ' s portion of the federal health - care program with a 3 percent tax on hospital revenue .                                               
" The doctors said , " Do everything you normally do " - and I have ," he said at the time .                                                       
She had spent time abroad but decided to return to Afghanistan to live because , for all that she sees that is painful in her country , she sees the beautiful too .                               
He pointed to the agency ' s operating profits of $ 1 . 4 billion in fiscal year 2014 and $ 1 . 2 billion in 2015 .                                         
He returned Saturday morning to finish 12 holes of the delayed second round , shooting a 1 - under 70 .                                                       
London ' s reputation as a place for integrity was badly damaged ; it will take years to recover fully .                                                       
We know we have some work ahead of us but what ' s important is to really let people know that we can make opportunity a reality .                                         
But that includes a drop of 0 . 4 percent in 2015 through November , according to performance information seen by Reuters .                                                   
If that law says he must be free , he should have to suffer the consequences and people should be entitled to know who is living near them .                                       
The closer you can get to the actual roles you ' re interested in , the better sense you ' ll have for them .                                               
When you love football and at his age , when you wake up in the morning and you can ' t practice , that ' s terrible .                                         
But they - like Americans and British , who took it so hard in Afghanistan and Iraq - want no part in a ground war .                                             
She has said again and again that she does not want another referendum that she isn ' t planning another referendum , and that this election is not about independence .                                   
Now that the commission has sent its report , its next step is to present specific recommendations for Greece that would need the approval of a majority of member states .                                   
" He has done things that others didn ' t do , and I think he will never say no to something that will help this country ," she said .                                   
Is he going to run his last year of his presidency in a political manner or is he actually going to focus on getting stuff done ?                                           
Despite sharply rising tensions in the Middle East , oil prices had seemed fairly stable - if quite low - as 2016 began .                                                 
The move by the country ' s largest teaching union has led to the closure of five secondary schools in the region for one day .                                             
And we can see where Murphy is coming from by using social media to try to draw attention to and increase engagement with a cause .                                             
When I started to play in him as a holding midfielder we saw the quality that he can bring in that position .                                                   
But you know what , Hillary Clinton has been around there for a very , very long time and some of these groups are , in fact , part of the establishment .                               
The good news is that I didn ' t start my career thinking that I would get the 30 - year anniversary gold watch from a company .                                         
We ' ve been in contact with the guest in this situation and will continue to do everything we can to offer our support .                                               
The test on Wednesday is said to have produced an explosion too small to be called that of an H - bomb .                                                   
Jones even suggested that , if need be , he might send his squad down to the local pub to settle their differences , but it appears that has not been necessary .                               
If you care about all the things that are important to our agenda , you have to fight for them every single day .                                                 
He has worked with our performance programme in the past and has proved a popular and valuable addition and I ' ve no doubt this group of players will also gain a lot from his involvement .                       
This has been particularly true towards the lower end of the market where you see a lot of activity from investors .                                                     
There are not many people who would have had the ankle injury he has had and come back to play like he has .                                                 
" A few days ago she was allowing people to visit , but she said we are not speaking to anyone now ," the woman said .                                           
Reuters reported in November that United and its pilots union had reached an agreement in principle to extend the labor contract .                                                     
" I feel frustrated that courts do tend to go with the lower end of the scale with sentences ," she said .                                                   
There are currently no severe flood warnings in place although that is expected to chance over the next 48 hours .                                                       
The message from the UN climate talks was clear : people power is pushing our politicians to take action on climate change , and now is the time to keep up the pressure .                             
" It doesn ' t matter how government acts to save the stock market , the market is still going to keep falling ," he said .                                           
That moment , he said , " changed her heart ," and she decided that the race was about God , the country and the future .                                             
I was obviously thinking about Brad and wanting to represent him well and our players ... wanting to do right by them .                                                   
" The company had never really failed before ," a former employee who worked in the US and Canada told Canadian Business .                                                   
Still , there are very real questions about just how President Donald J . Trump would actually serve the interests of middle - and low - income Americans .                                       
Earlier this month the heads of social services wrote to George Osborne , warning that rising numbers of elderly and disabled people are being admitted to hospital for want of care to meet their needs .                         
" I have not been sleeping well but I was really impressed by the attitude of the players and had my best night ' s sleep ," he said .                                     
" You just want to get back out there and put it right and I have not got that chance in the next few weeks ," Wood , 29 , said .                                 
Because I don ' t think you can be as effective as you can be as a player if things aren ' t right off the field .                                         
Police in Munich evacuated two train stations , urged people to avoid crowds and warned of a possible attack just before midnight .                                                   
Researchers at University of Pittsburgh are attempting to solve this problem with a new and improved natural gas storage system .                                                       
I ' m still in touch with them and they have been telling me I ' m too heavy to ride a bike these days but they ' re delighted with my call - up .                         
Texas Governor Greg Abbott , an abortion opponent , stressed that the grand jury decision would not impact the state ' s own investigation into the case .                                         
South Korea said it would take all possible measures , including possible United Nations sanctions , to ensure Pyongyang paid the price after its fourth nuclear test .                                         
But he went on to say this : " I recognize people ' s frustration and you ' ve got to speak to that .                                                 
However , they do say they want to help Cameron win a vote to keep Britain , the bloc ' s second biggest economy , in .                                           
THE world ' s most dangerous cities have been named and if you were planning on visiting you may want to think again .                                                 
If we are playing with two up front and we have one out it limits our options a little bit .                                                       
Clinton will release more tax proposals later this week that were " designed to ensure the wealthy pay their fair share ," her campaign said .                                             
Today , in my conversation with the Chinese , I made it very clear that has not worked and we cannot continue business as usual .                                             
Ohio ' s governor is urging President Barack Obama ' s administration to push North Korea to release a U . S . university student who is being held there .                                   
Of course , they realise it as well , especially in sports , or in school , reading and writing and all that stuff , it ' s all coming along .                                 
Trump has pulled back into a tie with Cruz in Iowa - or even into the lead , if you believe a new Fox News Channel poll - and has extended his edge over the rest of the field in New Hampshire .           
But perhaps we can expect a three or four star style service offered as they just won ' t be willing to pay the prices charged in the capital .                                     
She was allowed to return to Carson only for state tests , which she took in a room by herself .                                                       
Al Qaeda is in many ways the parent organization of the Islamic State , which split from the group over differences in strategy in the war in Syria .                                       
You can tell the players who have tried the most under a manager because they feel the worst when he is let go .                                                 
They are willing to embrace someone who is not one of them - as long as he can change the country ' s direction .                                               
They were full - time players - and clearly too good for us which is why they didn ' t stay longer than a few months - but were paid only a very basic wage of under £ 200 per week .             
We tried to have a bit more structure but we all knew that we hadn ' t been good enough .                                                       
My wife and I have a small block of savings that we ' re putting into the market right now .                                                       
The currency is obviously a problem , but less so for long term investors as currency moves tend to even out .                                                     
When is Super Bowl 50 , what UK TV channel can I watch it on and what are the odds to win it ?                                                 
I think I have a little bit of a way to go , but I ' m feeling confident that I can get back to at least close to the level I was a few years ago .                     
However trading over the entire Christmas period in our core markets was encouraging , with revenue ahead of last year , and in the quarter , we grew or held market value share in each of these markets .                   
" I ' m just there to support and care for him , but he ' s doing amazing ," she told reporters .                                                 
He ' s going to try to do it the way you ' re coaching him to do it , just a good guy to be around , good guy to have on the team .                         
The GOP front - runner is " saying what a lot of Americans are thinking , but are afraid to say because they don ' t think that it ' s politically correct ," she said .                       
" In 2009 , the world economy experienced the worst global recession in the post - World War II years ," the report read .                                               
Clinton has much more support among non - white voters than Sanders , which is why she ' s up big in South Carolina .                                               
Mr Trump , a billionaire businessman , warned , however , that he would eventually have to go after Senator Cruz if he continued to rise in the polls .                                     
Still , he dismissed such talk as " a lot of noise " and said little had changed to support higher prices .                                                   
If I was in their shoes I would struggle to decide on the right course , but I think I would be inspired by history .                                             
In Spain , there are parties that want to break up Spain ," he told reporters at the parliament in Madrid .                                                     
It was in that moment that a young voter cast a spotlight on one of the great questions of the 2016 race to the White House .                                           
If that ( an investigation ) happens , all I can do is tell them my side and hope for the best .                                                   
" People have voted in a clear way and what they want is that we reach an agreement ," he said .                                                     
In at times a very personal speech , Mr Clinton recalled how how had met Hillary 45 years ago , when female law students were still a minority .                                       
But when pressed , he repeated what he ' d been saying on talk radio : That obviously , this was a problem .                                                 
I ' ve given myself the chance of getting that and I feel that the type of golf that I ' m playing at the moment , that it ' s not far off .                           
We continue to believe that the preferred path to resolve this conflict is for the parties to reach an agreement on final status issues directly ," the official said .                                     
" It ' s not easy to see the ball here , the ground and the crowd are very much in line , so it ' s easy to lose it ," he said .                           
And I don ' t know if it was that , but I went on the pitch with this feeling inside that I was going to score .                                         
" You can ' t worry about the last play ," said Kelly , who was named the game ' s most outstanding player .                                               
The 33 - year - old announced in 2015 he would not seek re - election in order to pursue an academic career .                                                 
" We appeal to any member of the public who may have attended the fire on the night of Wednesday , January 20 and recorded what was happening on a video or smartphone ," he said .                       
There have been other presidential candidates who were not born in the traditional United States , but Trump says their cases are different .                                                 
It was encouraging to see the response effort at that time and hear how families were being helped back on their feet .                                                   
They might look like family cars , but the latest generation pursuit vehicles used by NSW Police are the most capable ever put into service .                                             
Turkey was in 2014 the world ' s sixth most attractive destination , with a record of 34 . 8 million visitors .                                                   
These predicted results should not be a surprise to anyone since they basically roll forward past trends and current opinion polls .                                                     
The message in America seems to be clear : white men with guns aren ' t a threat , but black men are .                                                 
China ' s stock market was shut after 30 minutes of trading on January 7 after the markets fell by 7 percent .                                                   
The European Business Awards was created to recognise and promote business success and support the development of a stronger business community throughout Europe .                                                 
This was a much more positive performance from the United captain and his first league goal since October will have done him and everyone at Manchester United a power of good .                                 
The U . N . press office said on Sunday the council was scheduled to discuss Colombia at 3 p . m .                                                   
The debate is made more complicated by the fact that it is not always clear what being part of the EU actually means , at least to the public .                                     
That is up to him , but I find it disappointing that he puts his party ' s electoral gain above the fight we all fought together over the last few years .                               
Mr Cameron said : " This Government was elected to deliver security and opportunity - whatever stage of life you ' re at .                                                   
He said : " I think what this shows is that there ' s a genuine desire for parking in the centre of Edinburgh .                                                 
In general , people with better scores on tests of intelligence are more likely to describe themselves as liberal , researchers have found .                                                 
2 ), the Duke is the only person who has never dropped off of the top 10 in over two decades .                                                     
Trump called for a " total and complete " ban on Muslims entering the United States , at least temporarily .                                                       
But it ' s difficult and there are a lot of changes this year , England have a new coaching staff in and that ' s first game up .                                     
We ' ve got to go tomorrow and make sure he ' s OK after today -- that same old thing .                                                     
In a reverse from planned cuts , France is preparing to add 23 , 000 positions to the army by 2019 .                                                     
But it doesn ' t make a whole lot of sense when our group had caught up and it had no effect on the round .                                             
The junior doctors have a genuine case and voters love doctors , especially the young good - looking ones , so better to be seen on their side , right ?                                   
He argued that firms would invest when their expectations of future sales and profits were positive - and this acts as a powerful driver for economic growth and higher employment .                                   
It is believed the early morning incident was filmed by security cameras and up to 20 police are now working on the case .                                                 
Now , we will give Trump this : His comments about voter fraud did come in answer to an audience question .                                                     
Last year , Murray was up a break in the third set when he began to see signs that his opponent was struggling physically .                                               
" It was so moving because you realise that all the people who meant so much to you and who have died have brought you to this place ," she says .                                 
Speaking to a room of people who have lost loved ones to gun violence is an emotional moment -- no matter how you feel about the broader issue of guns .                                   
One of the most - loved and long - lived road vehicles , which has been a favourite with the Queen , will cease production on Friday .                                         
I take a photograph on my mum ' s phone and then put them on a file in my computer , ranking them by the date I saw them .                                     
The online poll of registered voters shows Trump with 38 percent support among Republicans , with Ted Cruz receiving 20 percent and Marco Rubio receiving 11 percent .                                         
But both companies " shares have fallen heavily since then as the oil price has dropped from $ 65 at that time to as low as $ 27 recently .                                     
But if moderate ­ Labour MPs want their party back , sitting on their hands isn ' t good enough .                                                       
How long have you known about this failure of your administration , and why did it take so long to protect the citizens of Ohio ?                                             
She played well on every point , she has got much better since we met at the French Open , she is going up and up and is such a good player .                               
He came off the bench for just the second time this season and started slowly , making just one of his first five 3 - point attempts .                                         
But employees at one company didn ' t need to worry about calling in sick today to have an extra long weekend .                                                   
As it turned out , these companies also had a large volume of tweets - 20 to 25 a month .                                                       
In another case , an error by police investigating child sex abuse meant the information was returned on ten wrong people .                                                     
We always talk about that Davis Cup win for Djokovic , when he went on to have his best year in 2011 , the same thing ' s kind of happening for Murray at the moment .                       
The Government will also launch a new website today that aims to make it easier for companies and individuals to invest in the north .                                               
Second , equity markets exist to put money into future growth , but too often they have become a means to take investment money off the table .                                         
I called to wish him luck , but I was told by the school that there was no one of my name who had anything to do with him .                                     
In reality it is about defending the pay and conditions of members and it would be more honest for it to say so .                                                 
Just how big a threat North Korea ' s nuclear program currently poses to the outside world is something of a mystery .                                                   
Not only is he a high quality person , with a wonderful family , whom I have great respect for - I also consider him a very good friend and his support means so much to me .                     
A verdict is expected today in what ' s believed to be the first case of criminal harassment involving Twitter in Canada .                                                   
This has all been reported already , so the media can safely reference what might best be described as Christie ' s mixed record on gun control without looking like Obama foot soldiers .                             
If confirmed , Kim would be the first American to be detained since the North released three U . S . citizens in 2014 .                                               
Obama : " It ' s time we stop treating child care as a side issue , or a women ' s issue , and treat it like the national economic priority that it is for all of us .                   
Wales make history by beating New Zealand on home soil in the opening match but lose the series 2 - 1 .                                                     
You might say they weren ' t found elsewhere because they didn ' t exist elsewhere but that would suggest that doping wasn ' t happening in other countries pre - 2006 and I think we all know that is not true .           
The hard thing about the cup is that so many things can happen in a one - off game that you could never predict , like a red card or a decision that goes against you .                       
We ' re being really careful what we say right now , because nobody knows how far this crackdown will go .                                                     
They ' ve scored the majority of the runs , which is great for those guys but others haven ' t quite contributed , myself included .                                           
The Belgian has not been at his best this season , with some suggesting he may have had his head turned by Real .                                                 
He doesn ' t want to waste time , he operates on speed to market and saw it was clearly something customers wanted .                                                 
He is well - built with game - changing speed , but is obviously still raw in several areas , including his route running .                                               
In recent years , the station has regularly run anti - militant ads funded by the U . S . military and NATO - led forces .                                           
But they were also concerned that markets did not fully appreciate that the central bank was willing to hang on to the bonds for longer than thought only three or six months ago .                             
He said , however , long - term physical activity must be worked into treatment programs to get more benefit from them .                                                   
I remember talking to Andy about the Davis Cup , and he told me that I was crazy to play all three days .                                                 
Trump responded that at the time , he was a businessman and no one asked him for his position on the issue : " I ' m not trying to hide anything .                                 
First as governor and then through an education foundation he created after he left office , Bush has sought to influence education policy around the country .                                           
You never know what you ' d do in that kind of situation but what he did was pretty remarkable .                                                       
The snow ' s arrival found Washington and its suburbs as prepared as they could be after days of warnings that this was a massive storm .                                           
A $ 50 , 000 youth program run by Port Adelaide Football Club will also be rolled out and $ 100 , 000 will go towards supporting live music in the region .                               
Let ' s just - let me get this out of the way : I love my mother more than my dad .                                                   
The carrier , which bills itself as , " the airline of small and mid - sized European cities ," will operate flights twice a week from € 45 . 99 (£ 34 ) one way .                         
" It is always important because if you have the chance and you don ' t try to go for it then it is a waste of time ," he said .                                 
While that ' s not entirely true , it did in some ways set the tone and the trend for the game .                                                   
" Why would any government or any Health Secretary ever want to cut the pay of a group of doctors working as hard as they do ?" he said .                                     
" It ' s not a priority for the city to clear bike facilities and it doesn ' t have to be ," he said .                                             
I have spent some time in one such hotel , and it has become very clear that we are creating two classes of refugees .                                               
Massachusetts Institute of Technology , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , was named the winner after a competition among more than 1 , 000 college students at Texas A & M University in College Station .                         
Yet to hear the company tell it , Uber has done this without hiring a single driver ; its role is simply providing software that allows willing parties to connect .                                   
The service launched last year in South Korea and the United States with plans to enter other markets including China , Spain and Britain .                                               
He was released yesterday and will be on his way home in a couple of days and , through the tournament , he released a statement to that effect .                                     
You think just because we have been playing good all season long on the road that it ' s going to happen .                                                   
He then handed over his weapon to the authorities and took full responsibility for his act , knowing he would receive capital punishment .                                                 
By comparison official retail trade figures , with includes traditional retailers as well as Australian online businesses , show that spending was up four per cent in the 12 months to October .                               
11 , 2001 , when someone knocked on the door and told them a plane had crashed into the World Trade Center .                                                   
Those of us concerned about alcohol and public health have welcomed the new guidelines and in particular that attention has been drawn to alcohol - related cancer .                                         
But even if the Supreme Court ultimately rules in their favor and against the central bank of Iran , not all of the terrorism victims will benefit .                                         
He said the Government had offered to put in financial penalties for hospitals which get doctors to work longer hours .                                                       
It has announced plans to put the choice of the country ' s top prosecutor directly in the hands of party leaders .                                                   
While Paul is always most closely associated with United , Tom ' s early career followed his father later years in the game .                                                 
It also gives you a chance to kind of , for the first time , really see who they are as people as well .                                               
Even on retirement she was given a pay - off of £ 400 , 000 , to help her survive on a pension of £ 61 , 000 a year .                                   
They ' ve got a great four lines over there and we ' ve got to be ready to play all of them .                                                 
" This came despite some better news out of China ," Dr Oliver said of the 2 per cent rise in the Chinese share market .                                             
The figures show the peak months for going on holiday , with July in first place followed by June , September , February and April .                                             
The tweet below shows the tribute video in full , including the Djokovic section that was cut on court at the end .                                                   
" The question at the beginning was whether we could raise money ," said Barry Bennett , a GOP campaign veteran who was brought on by Carson to manage his campaign .                                 
A new survey has found that in the capital employees are the most likely to look for a new job than anywhere else in the UK with 38 per cent looking for a change .                           
We have borders where people just walk across and do whatever they want to do , and then they have babies and the babies become citizens , and we have to take care of them .                         
One , in certain areas of the country this could lead to fewer properties being bought by investors - therefore reducing demand and potentially price .                                             
The cost of the program is not public , but has run into billions of dollars after more than a decade , analysts say .                                               
If he is to stay in the tournament , Murray will have to be prepared for anything from the very first ball .                                                   
Mr Trump said his alternative event had raised $ 5 million for veterans , of which he contributed $ 1 million himself .                                                   
" I don ' t wish my people to rule another people life but I don ' t want to be ruled ," she says .                                             
The list is not intended as a portfolio of share for investors to buy together , but rather as a collection of stock ideas .                                               
Like his rivals for the GOP nomination , Rubio said the moves were too aggressive and unlikely to make any difference .                                                     
The video tribute posted by a close friend last week reveal a man who loved fishing , travelling and his children .                                                     
The United Nations says that some 2 , 800 civilians have been killed in the conflict , most by airstrikes launched by the Saudi - led coalition .                                         
Almost 10 per cent of those concerned are worried about meeting payments in January , with the 25 to 34 age group facing the greatest problems .                                           
" It ' s a common theme with these investigations we are facing every day that these people have gone on to commit other offences , some worse ," he said .                                 
In addition , reduced operating cost and increasing production of vehicles are driving the global in - car entertainment and information system market .                                                 
Speaking in the Commons on Tuesday , Mr Cameron said : " As I indicated before Christmas , there will be a clear Government position , but it will be open to individual ministers to take a different personal position while remaining part of the Government .     
But full consumer buy - in is an open question , and cost may keep such features a limited , luxury option .                                                   
The first two films opened in 2008 and 2011 , respectively , and earned a combined $ 1 . 3 billion at the box office .                                             
Adam ' s job is to maintain a healthy distance - he might have to say no to us , or shut the movie down .                                             
I didn ' t see the video or read about it , but I know I wanted to make a difference .                                                     
It is always better to have positive things said about you , but I think the criticism makes you more grown up and you learn from it .                                         
He ' s been named an All - Star in each of his 11 seasons and was voted a captain for this year ' s All - Star game .                                     
" They ' re ready to debut not just as a couple , but as a newly engaged couple ," OK ! magazine reported on Thursday .                                           
The additional saving is all the more important for young people , who will have fewer sources of guaranteed lifetime income in their retirement years .                                             
We ' ve had death threats for years and we thought they would stop ( after the attack ), but they haven ' t .                                               
Lord Howard told BBC Radio 4 " s Today : " I am waiting to see what the Prime Minister is coming up with .                                                 
He should have done better with a shot that fell to him in the second minute and he could not keep it under the bar .                                             
They include two teenagers who were killed in a drive - by shooting in Chicago at 3 : 30 p . m ., not long after Obama concluded his remarks on gun violence at the White House .                     
Two , reduced buying of " off plan " apartments and houses by investors could hurt the cash flow of property developers .                                                   
The more children we therefore have to cross check against , the more likely it is that we can find these common features and give a diagnosis .                                         
Today , a lot of women support us but they are not willing to come out openly because of this fear .                                                     
If he as just out there talking about running for president , well , there ' s a lots of people that have done that .                                             
We doctors have a unique perspective on the NHS that should be taken into account in any effort at reform .                                                       
The proposal would limit production of legal marijuana to large facilities , leaving out small shops such as the ones in Colorado that sell their own products .                                         
It is also important that you think about ensuring that you can afford to live if you are unable to work through ill health or injury .                                           
Phoenix ( 14 - 34 ) has lost 13 straight road games , the longest road losing streak for the franchise in 32 years .                                               
" Even if you work from home , you need to feel you are going to work , travelling to a place with a special purpose ," he says .                                     
Two groups of people were slightly more likely to work part time : workers with little education and older workers between 60 and 64 years old .                                           
I think they must give their huge experience to all , especially young kids , but also the older ones when they are in trouble in their career .                                       
If you think it may be a fake charity , ask for the charity number or contact details for the fund - raising team .                                               
One in four firms said they expected employment to increase in the next few months , but 17 per cent predicted a decline .                                                 
One of Bowie ' s last - known public appearances was in New York in mid - December to watch the show , which is due to close on Jan 19 .                                 
While some units had increased the number of treatments by just 4 per cent , others had seen a 300 per cent rise in treatments .                                             
" I have said a lot about personal income tax ... I think that together with our high rates of company tax are things that hold the Australian economy back ," he said .                             
Oil prices are likely to come under further pressure this year , when international sanctions on Iran are due to be removed under a nuclear deal reached in July .                                     
The defending champion Golden State Warriors , who enter Wednesday ' s NBA action with a league - leading 38 - 4 record , are sixth at $ 1 . 9 - billion .                             
But even if we grant Trump the benefit of the doubt and go with the Twitter short - hand theory , 10 , 000 seems really low .                                         
When you arrive you may need to prove that you have sufficient funds to support your stay , even if you ' re staying with family or friends .                                       
It will seek $ 95 million more in its upcoming fiscal 2017 budget for information technology development , according to a White House fact sheet .                                             
But with the way the game ' s moved on , all the sports science things I ' m doing after games , I feel I can fully recover .                                     
Kasich ' s team hopes to do well in New Hampshire and survive until the winner - take - all primary in Ohio on March 15 .                                           
Allen , a 12 - year veteran , doesn ' t want to miss his first chance to play in a Super Bowl .                                                 
Campbell said a plan to reduce U . S . troops in Afghanistan to 5 , 500 by 2017 should be delayed as long as possible .                                           
It is also about " the beginning of the 24 - hour news cycle , the beginning of reality TV , and gender politics ," said Alexander .                                         
So I would say if she just keeps making forward progress , that that ' s going to be a good year .                                                   
Now 28 , she says that the strict lifestyle initially added fuel to her body image issues , but training eventually helped her lose her fear of eating .                                       
" I hope that the people who come here realize I am from Madrid and am very proud to carry Spain ' s name around the world ," he said .                                   
If your preferred candidate ' s name isn ' t on the list , it ' s because they , well , aren ' t going to win .                                       
It has many aspects of a civil law system - the United States has a common law system - but it also has elements of Islamic law and elements of common law .                               
If right - wing organizations get the majority of their funds from foreign governments , then they will also be included in the bill .                                               
The car owner was taken to the hospital after the incident after suffering cuts on his knee from breaking through the car window .                                                 
What we ' re trying to do is make certain when they start , everybody is clear about their roles and what ' s happening , so you don ' t go there and wind up with a question mark .               
They might try to , and might even succeed if their identity is never discovered ; but most will be known to the police or the intelligence services and their names placed on a watch - list .                     
And just because they ' re free doesn ' t mean you should eat as many as you can stuff in your carry - on .                                             
The Interior Ministry spokesman directed Reuters to the website , which gives information on all people detained as militant suspects , but gave no further comment .                                           
The former Maryland governor , it turns out , is a glass half full kind of guy , even when there is very little water in the glass .                                       
Now there are just scores of them and we don ' t have to convince our investors any more whether Europe can generate billion - dollar outcomes .                                         
Every manager will look to add to their squad and want one or two players but I ' m grateful for what I ' ve got because I ' ve got a competitive budget and a competitive team on the pitch every Saturday .         
He also said he would begin making multi - day trips to early primary states like Iowa , South Carolina and Nevada , where he can choose to stay at his own hotel , the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas .               
Unfortunately , as I said , where I grew up there was no other way and there still isn ' t a way to survive , no other way to work in our economy to be able to make a living .             
The coastal city has been controlled for months by the militant group , which has used it as a base from which to try to expand its presence in Libya .                                   
It ' s supposed to be similar tomorrow so I ' ll be looking to try to get some red numbers up there early .                                               
And if you read Obama ' s message closely - actually , you don ' t have to read it that closely to pick up on this - you ' ll notice he isn ' t really trying to bring conservatives over to his side here .   
They might find it harder to export and they might have to sell their goods at lower prices within the United States to compete with foreign firms .                                         
More than one million migrants have reached Europe over the past year , many of them fleeing conflicts in Syria , Iraq , Africa and elsewhere .                                           
And so Trump went off to look for a more exclusive club , at his own rallies in Iowa and , soon , everywhere .                                               
The Labour leader said his party has in the past been " too defensive " about immigration and should make the case for the benefits that migrants can bring to the economy - particularly public services .                       
Senator Bernie Sanders , Mrs Clinton ' s chief Democratic rival , frequently holds campaign events and television interviews alongside his wife Jane .                                                 
They ' re excited to take a look with fresh eyes with the best information we can get on how schools are doing .                                                 
The 25 - year - old has had a dream run into the final stages , receiving a wealth of support from his Canadian and international fan base .                                       
The night he died , he was driving home from a recording studio after dropping off a friend , his mother says .                                                   
" I talked to her nearly every day , I felt like a mother figure to her ," said the woman , who asked not to be named .                                       
" I think when we talk about foreign policy , most of us are pro - life ," he said .                                                       
The Tigers had won 51 consecutive games when leading after three quarters but couldn ' t hold on against Alabama after taking a 24 - 21 lead into the final period .                                 
The agency is expected to announce Sunday afternoon whether it will be able to open for the start of the work week .                                                   
An Iowa win , a reasonable showing in New Hampshire and a strong performance in the South in early March would position Cruz at or near the front of the field .                                 
Energy companies could have an easier day following a surge in oil prices after a Russian official said OPEC member Saudi Arabia had proposed that oil - producing countries cut output by up to five per cent each .                   
The Bank of England ' s chief economist has suggested the UK central bank may also need to impose negative rates to fight off the next recession .                                         
And , when it comes to our fiscal position , while the deficit has been reduced , the Chancellor is certain to miss his target this year , as he has every year since taking office in 2010 .                   
Speaking in Iowa last week , the Vermont senator said that real change only comes about " when people on the bottom begin to stand up and say enough is enough .                                 
The four - week average of the so - called continuing claims rose 3 , 250 to 2 . 23 million .                                                     
I mean , I ' ve watched over the years where African Americans have in fact received Academy Awards and have in fact been represented .                                             
A week after the Phoenix rally , a Post - ABC News poll showed Trump at 24 percent to Bush ' s 12 percent .                                               
It ' s quite a quick surface here so if you can get the first strike in in the rallies it ' s quite easy to sort of stay on top of the point .                           
A Treasury spokesman said : " Central to our plan to fix the public finances is the sale of Government assets to help pay down the national debt and ensure economic security for working people .                           
That has forced some people to look past all of Trump ' s issues and think about what he could offer .                                                     
He said : " Time and time again , David Cameron offers warm words and a little bit of funding for a short term fix .                                               
No one believed it was little more than a stay of execution even if since then Real had won two matches and drawn one , scoring 15 goals .                                       
A woman gave an emotional account of trying to get by on minimum wage to a crowd at a Bernie Sanders event in Iowa on Monday .                                           
According to the court filing , some of the delay is due to the winter storm expected to bear down on Washington , D . C ., this weekend .                                     
The First Minister will tell us it is a decision for the health board , but she has over - ruled officials before and she should do so again now .                                   
There are exciting new young players in but also younger guys who are playing well and with stuff to prove and put some things right .                                             
Obama ' s proposal would also triple the tax break offered to small businesses that start offering retirement plans to $ 1 , 500 a year for up to three years .                                 
The electric car maker delivered 17 , 400 vehicles in the fourth quarter , just above the low end of its guidance .                                                   
There was a lot of talk about why things aren ' t going right , but we know we can ' t just have one meeting and then produce the performance of the decade .                           
The industry would like every person in the UK to have some form of coverage at a level that is practical , affordable and relevant .                                             
The right - wing government will issue a plan to parliament this spring about the long - term future of the islands .                                                   
I expect things to happen in the next two or three days but if it does not happen I will be more than happy with what I ' ve got .                                   
The Geneva talks , the first in two years , come after a United Nations Security Council resolution laid out a road map aimed at ending the conflict .                                       
While you get travel included across a range of transport in London , from buses to the underground , Edinburgh is more limited in its transport options .                                         
If the mission of the school is to identify students who learn fast and who learn the first time we teach it , this approach makes sense .                                         
They have to work this out between themselves if a solution to this tension is going to be long - lasting and sustainable .                                                 
And it is the most vulnerable in society - the young , the elderly and the disabled - who feel the pain of these cuts most deeply .                                         
In contrast , the Brazilian government says that 400 , 000 to 1 . 5 million people may have been infected in less than a year .                                           
But the long - term measure of value is not an indication on its own of where property prices are likely to go - especially in the short term .                                     
That ' s up from the more than $ 25 million she spent in the third quarter of the year , when she raised $ 29 . 4 million and spent 86 percent of it .                         
Workers in the oil industry have given so much for the Scottish economy ; they deserve support from their government now .                                                     
Food prices have increased more than 50 percent on the island over the last four years , according to official media .                                                     
Your luck will change for the better over the next few days but to make the most of it you need to start looking ahead and making plans .                                       
" To be here , to be able to play for the national championship for my home team ... you can ' t put a price on that ," he said .                                 
These people are what make the club what it is and I truly loved every minute of my time there .                                                       
One of the most interesting findings to emerge from the post - referendum analysis was that the issues which interested younger voters were the same for adults - jobs and the economy .                               
What they don ' t realise is , you get pulled toward a truck when it ' s that close .                                                       
I think I ' m a little bit more open to the idea of doing more , but under certain circumstances .                                                     
And you wonder how those figures will look in 2019 , and you also wonder whether it will be the same four teams - New Zealand , England , Ireland and France - who will still have no players based overseas .             
The vote for vice president would be by members of the new Senate , and that majority could easily vote along party lines for either the Democratic or Republican candidate .                                   
Of course we are very happy when a lot of people are saying Leicester can be top of the league at the end of the season .                                           
I ' ve been in a bike lane that ' s big enough to drive a car in , right over on the edge of the road and had a truck come into the bike lane .                       
The argument runs that when a population is in fear , people are easier to control - and they spend more money .                                                   
They are setting themselves up to be voted back which one has to respect and I think we should treat all those who are currently not supporting us with great respect .                                 
The pain caused him some issues in the set , which he feared could have changed the momentum of the game .                                                     
It was his only victory in his two Cup appearances but he also captured two Senior British Open titles and earned victories on the Champions Tour in the U . S .                                 
I just never went into the water , because the moment your hair gets wet you can see it straight away ," she said .                                               
3 ( UPI ) -- Britain ' s Prince William admits he is more emotional now that he is the father of two young children .                                               
The real wealth of most Chinese is locked up in the property market , an issue that does bear scrutiny .                                                       
" We grew up in the kitchen ," he said , noting that the neighborhood is working class , a home to immigrants .                                                 
Some Australian chief executives are losing confidence about their companies ' growth prospects amid difficult operating conditions and global markets uncertainty , according to a new report .                                         
They are doing nothing on refugees , showing no interest in taking responsibility for these issues - but then again , neither do most countries .                                             
It was the policy of the Palace Press Office never to comment on the private lives of the Royal family , which did not stop constant requests for information .                                     
Both will be on the ballot for up to six more years , and their chances are now looking at least a little better .                                               
This is one of the last big platforms of Obama ' s presidency to achieve that goal - really , to make a difference .                                               
Rather , they note that the Chinese government has been well aware of the problems for years and has been making some progress .                                                 
My drive and passion is to be out there and to try to coach a team and influence a team and give them something that I can deliver and be proud of really .                             
It ' s also why we ' re going to ensure that federal mental health records are submitted to the background check system and remove barriers that prevent states from reporting relevant information .                             
It became hard at the very end , we didn ' t tell my dad that my mum was ill because we didn ' t want to upset him .                                     
Women who have traveled to regions in which Zika is active and who report symptoms during or within two weeks of travel should be offered a test for Zika virus infection .                                 
Meanwhile , those pushing for higher rates may have pointed to stronger - than - expected jobs growth in December that may soon push the unemployment rate below the Fed ' s benchmark for full employment .                       
There was some mystery as to which veterans ' groups would receive the money raised at the event , which included $ 1 million from Trump himself .                                         
To be honest it was no different from hiring a car in Europe apart from the credit card not being of much use .                                                 
We have to find excellent leaders for each business we operate , so in that sense , the long history with the UK can help us to find good leaders .                                   
We could not have launched and gone from 13 to where we are now at number five without the help of a strong media partner .                                             
If I feel as if something is happening on the pitch , I can voice my opinion better than I could maybe 12 months ago .                                             
American officials stressed that there was no immediate threat of an outbreak in Harris County , particularly through the winter months .                                                     
And when they do win , I look forward to enjoying some of that fine Wisconsin cheese while saying : You like that !                                                 
Among Trump supporters , there is a belief that the political class doesn ' t know what ' s coming .                                                       
What Mr Abbott does is up to him , but he ' s the former Liberal Prime Minister of Australia .                                                       
First year , there ' s a lot of change , and just kind of getting used to a new space , new teammates , a new system .                                       
Since the middle of 2009 , more than half of the extra spending on goods and services in the UK economy has come from capital investment and exports .                                       
So , Celtic scored , on average , a goal every six - and - a - half minutes over a period of time in this match .                                         
A spokesman for Bowie said he died on Sunday but declined to say where he died or from what type of cancer .                                                   
The data , which was gathered from more than 1 , 000 children over six years , provides vital information on how children ' s eyes grow and change in the 21st century .                             
With Friday ' s increases , the new average minimum wage across the 14 affected states rises from $ 8 . 50 an hour to just over $ 9 .                                     
Nearly 6 , 000 people have been killed since the Saudi coalition entered the conflict , almost half of them civilians .                                                     
" It was the minutes from the meeting where they finally raised interest rates so it ' s going to get a lot of attention ," he said .                                       
And it ' s been cutting back even though the economic case for doing so isn ' t that strong .                                                       
After six months they will fine you five per cent of the tax outstanding on that date , or £ 300 , if that ' s greater .                                         
It was kind of funny to see him break his routine , spend at least $ 5 just to further do me wrong .                                                 
The removal operations , made public by news reports in December , surprised immigration advocates after Obama had pledged in Nov .                                                     
" He be late ," for instance , does not indicate that someone is currently running late ; it means that someone is often late .                                             
It ' s a course on which you can go low , but if you hit it off - line , you can make a big number .                                         
The agency added that in a separate incident , three children died in rocket fire on an Aleppo district held by the Syrian government .                                               
There are procedures in place where if you ' re prepared , for instance you will have phone numbers for air traffic control authorities .                                               
The paper ' s football writer , Eric Thompson , had been killed , along with most of the Manchester United players , in the Munich air disaster of the previous day .                               
And as far as we know , that was the start of the remote work - force housing industry ... and the business took off from there .                                         
Officials with campaigns said they are working to identify those who may have been affected to ensure their supporters show up to the correct location .                                             
It was a lot of commitment from my parents at the time and it ' s down to them and what they did back then that I ' m a Celtic player today .                             
The SNP budget will just make things worse , with £ 500 million of cuts to local councils for services like schools .                                                   
" On the other hand , I think it was never the intention to destroy our economy , just make us feel pain ," he said .                                           
Microsoft ' s net income fell to $ 5 billion , or 62 cents per share , in its second - quarter ended Dec .                                               
There are certain situations in which insurance is absolutely necessary - home insurance , for example , when a leak or a fire could , in the worst case scenario , leave you hundreds of thousands of pounds out of pocket .             
She also told the wife of one of her husband ' s aides that he seemed to be under a lot of stress .                                                 
" I ' ve got a lot of friends over there , and I want them to be successful , but not at my expense ," Ryan said .                                       
I hope even now that their review , which is being led by a Labour leader who is anti - nuclear and a shadow defence secretary who is anti - nuclear , will listen to more moderate mainstream Labour voices .               
You should put your contribution as the total of what you paid , plus basic - rate relief , so £ 1 , 000 turns into £ 1 , 250 .                                   
25 in Geneva in an effort to end nearly five years of civil war that have killed more than a quarter of a million people .                                             
It seemed likely now that the man was dead , although at some point someone asked , " Where ' s the doctor ?                                                   
In all four games , Seattle was unable to close out the victories despite having a fourth - quarter lead .                                                       
Almost 80 per cent of people want better equality in income and assets and believe politicians should be doing more to address inequality , the charity said .                                         
I am 45 and the father of three primary school kids , entering year three of a business start - up .                                                     
Meanwhile , Mr Obama is due to meet his attorney general on Monday to discuss ways of using his presidential powers to reduce gun violence .                                             
Over the same period it received around 70 complaints from asylum - seekers , of which it referred 32 to the appeal courts , a rate of 45 per cent .                                   
If there ' s a good deal on the table , I will take it and that ' s what will happen .                                                   
Sometimes you get carried away and do things you shouldn ' t , but in Andy ' s case he ' s done nothing wrong and he ' s not caused any problems .                             
In December last year , the United Nations General Assembly once again ( for the 19th time in 20 years ) passed a resolution on human rights in Iran .                                     
This will be at the heart of our efforts to prevent flooding and there is no doubt it will make a lasting contribution to flood risk management in Scotland .                                     
After searching the internet for a deal he decided that flying via Germany would be cheaper than a UK train ticket .                                                     
The important thing is that we do everything possible to have the security that one would expect from an international hotel and get on with it , continue to operate and to do everything possible for our guests and staff .               
" Why wouldn ' t we look for an alternative method ?" said Martin L . Gary , executive director of the commission .                                                 
If I go back to the 20s and think I ' m too good , it ' s going to look bad on me and I won ' t get more opportunities with the first team .                       
It ' ll be a great occasion and we ' re hoping to get as many families and supporters down for the game .                                                 
" The message that came out was a message that America and the western United States needed to hear ," he said .                                                   
In the town ' s Victoria Street , local business owners were sweeping out the remains of the water from their shops .                                                   
When the board has such confidence , the pressure is much higher than when they say it is your last game or something like that .                                             
We don ' t call it the state of the union in the first one , but a joint - session speech .                                                   
However , his evidence is likely to be heard in private and much of the detail may never be made public .                                                     
My concern is that a routine inquest may not be able to look at the larger picture and may not be able to make connections where it needs to , to understand the background .                           
I met with him [ one on one ] for about two minutes right after he was elected , and that was it .                                                 
They see last year ' s gain in jobs as a possible early sign that the region is developing new sources of economic growth .                                               
It said in September that three of its top online start - ups should break even by the end of 2017 and it hoped to list at least one in the next 18 months .                           
And , yes , it ' s true that many Americans cannot recall certain facts about American history and government when they are asked questions about those subjects in a survey interview .                               
When you think about car sharing and family trips , the savings can be even more substantial as people aren ' t paying out for a seat per person .                                     
Despite the high volume of calls the service reported a 9 . 5 per cent drop on last year ' s total .                                                   
Your task now is to do something with what you have got , not just for yourself but for other people too .                                                   
" People need role models and we need to start talking about what we can do to make things better ," he says .                                                 
Bernie also stated that he was running against Hillary Clinton , not Bill Clinton , and has made clear repeatedly that he is not interested in making President Clinton ' s past an issue in the campaign .                     
Speaking in the Belgian capital , he said : " There is now a proposal on the table , it is not good enough , it needs more work but we are making progress .                             
Two players start out with five hundred and one points , and each tries to be the first to reduce his score to zero .                                               
But few had taken any time on a holiday weekend to view it , and fewer could figure out why to trust a terrorist group on what was or wasn ' t offensive .                             
Last week around 3 , 000 migrants and refugees , many fleeing Iraq and Syria , arrived in Greece each day after making the crossing by boat from the Turkish coast .                                 
But then , when the time comes , they vote as they truly believe - just like they did in the last general election .                                               
" I think for a start , let ' s not forget that Hillary Clinton is one of the best known people in America ," Sanders said .                                         
In this situation , I ' d like to show I ' m not pushing the government , I ' m giving them time to realize what they need to do .                                 
In fact , it ' s almost exactly what we ' d expect from an ambitious young man who just might one day run for president .                                           
That didn ' t quite happen but I scored the first goal in the Scottish League Cup final and I couldn ' t be more proud .                                           
The PM was " very keen " to hold discussions and sometimes they would meet four times a week , the committee was told .                                               
He said " The police may have had their reasons , and perhaps had reason to believe that she was still alive and had just run away .                                         
The night before , she received a call from the school saying there would be police there the next day and it was fine if the boys stayed home .                                     
Simpson - Kent was allowed to leave the country just days after Miss Blake was reported missing on December 13 .                                                       
At least six others were taken into custody , police said , also noting that computers and mobile phones were seized .                                                     
When the defending champion and league - leading Golden State Warriors hosted the San Antonio Spurs , the game featured players from seven countries .                                               
Only 10 percent of those who think the nation is on the right track selected immigration , making it the fifth most popular choice for that group , according to the poll .                               
For all of 2015 , U . S . customer visits fell 3 per cent at established McDonald ' s locations .                                                     
Instead , the plan ' s worst - case scenario is for 18 inches of snow , less than the 22 inches measured in parts of the city .                                       
She added : " People with no memory are often taken to hospital to see if there is a physical or mental issue which requires treatment .                                             
It is unclear whether the mental health problems emerged as a result of his journey as a migrant or from earlier in his life .                                               
In its latest incident response update , the state government said a relief well was about 75 percent toward its final target depth of 8 , 700 feet .                                       
" I can say that Turkey is closely watching every military movement on its borders and especially the border with Syria ," the government source told AFP , asking not to be named .                             
Austria announced on Wednesday that it planned to limit the number of people allowed to apply for asylum to 1 . 5 percent of its population over the next four years , or 37 , 500 .                       
We don ' t see anything else , and he constantly comes out and says he ' s happy with his team , he ' s happy with the way they ' ve played .                           
But while the minutes build up , as long as you ' re fresh , they can do that for a long period of time .                                             
" For the policy to be really effective at improving health , a much larger reduction in consumption is needed ," he said .                                                 
There needs to be support for local economies hit hard by these job losses , but we need to know the level of the impact of it all .                                       
Police said Mr Young was " a young man going about his business " when he fell victim to the " extremely , extremely rare " attack .                                         
She described the film industry as " brutal ," adding : " No matter how tough you are , sometimes there ' s the feeling of not being wanted .                                       
[ The storm ] is a big hit to all of D . C ., and a really big hit to small restaurants and bar owners .                                           
The meeting , called by the White House , will be held at a government building in San Jose , Calif .                                                     
And I hope she knows that in 2016 , I ' m not going to let her sleep and party .                                                       
We made some mental mistakes , physical mistakes and allowed them to get all the way back and have a chance to make a three to tie the game up .                                   
Each team has an outstanding defence , but the feeling here is lots of points will be had in Sunday ' s late game .                                               
If you have a favourite climb , where there ' s not a lot of traffic , try doing 30 seconds of effort followed by 30 seconds recovery .                                       
Graham dropped out of the Republican presidential race last month , returning full time to his job as a senator from South Carolina .                                                 
When you are 20 , as I was at the time , all you are worried about is keeping your place in the side and I knew that goal would help me do that .                           
31 deadline to release 30 , 000 of former department chief Hillary Clinton ' s emails from a private server .                                                       
But , if it ends up a physical game , then we ' ve also got that steel in our team and ability can take over after that .                                       
Not only did we lose everything , the industry I was involved in went into free - fall , so I couldn ' t get a job back in it .                                   
On New Year ' s Eve , thousands of users were faced with an error message saying there had been an " internal error " when they tried to visit the BBC ' s website .                         
Brown has been willing to restore some of the deep cuts made during the financial crisis to social services , health care , education and other programs .                                         
Later , a fund was set up by private donors in Japan that made payments to some comfort women in Asian countries .                                                   
The nation of 9 . 6 million people took in 150 , 000 Syrian refugees in the past year , although authorities have started to crack down in the wake of increasing public resistance .                           
He said : " We know , as we ' ve played there before , that it will be a difficult game with a good atmosphere on Friday night .                                       
There is no need to push yourself harder or faster , even though certain people may be urging you to do so .                                                   
Our chemical products number in the thousands and are sold worldwide to manufacturers serving a broad and diverse range of consumer and industrial end markets .                                             
We are lucky we are in the position that we don ' t need to sell , so if any player moves on it will be because it is right for the club and right for the player .                   
It also will apply $ 500 , 000 of the fine toward expanding its mobile application to let customers make disability - related requests , the regulator said .                                       
What ' s more , Obama ' s go - it - alone attempt is very much limited to the laws he can change , and even the ones he ' s looking at are likely to be tested in court .             
For example , you might be able to take half of your pay so you can have a longer leave .                                                       
Both sides agreed during Xi ' s visit to maintain peace in the sea and build a relationship of trust .                                                       
Brady threw the ball 42 times in the regular season loss in Denver and 42 times in last Saturday ' s win over Kansas City .                                             
Many of us were inspired to go on to greater things and the memories of it will stick with me for a long time to come .                                           
I don ' t think we got to the levels we have shown on a pretty consistent basis over the past five or six weeks .                                             
A long time ago , long before he became one of Scotland ' s most successful TV writers and even longer before he became one of its best - selling authors , Peter May was a journalist on this newspaper .               
The latest round of disappointing economic data is bound to trigger fresh concerns about the health of the world ' s second largest economy .                                               
Another bright spot : For the most part , the lights - and the Internet connections of thousands of people who carried on work from home - stayed on .                                     
The work will also stand as a memorial to the great Scottish writer and journalist , Ian Bell , who died in December .                                                 
It will probably take you three or four years to settle and find your feet unless you ' re special .                                                       
This discovery , as well as treating obesity , could stop people from developing conditions such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease .                                                 
Sanders , an independent senator from Vermont , leads the former secretary of state in New Hampshire , where primary voting takes place Feb .                                               
That will help as the world continues to struggle with a " recovery " which doesn ' t feel much like one .                                                   
" If I don ' t show concern now to keep my position , when the Taliban enter the city I will lose it anyway ," he said .                                       
You will certainly get the chance to earn more , though you must also remember that where work and business matters are concerned it is quality that counts .                                       
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he doesn ' t like the thought of President Obama using executive power for gun control .                                                   
Ryan said Obama would be best off saying " I take it all back ," referring to his entire White House agenda .                                                   
Prime Minister David Cameron , Chancellor George Osborne and other senior figures are also under close scrutiny over their links to the internet giant - including a series of meetings with executives .                               
It took nearly a year to get $ 100 , 000 out of them , that ' s not even 10 per cent .                                                 
The Illinois Department of Public Health officials said the case was confirmed on Thursday but declined to provide further details .                                                       
" It may just be a gift to the mission , we don ' t know ," he told reporters .                                                       
China ' s stock market crash doesn ' t really matter for its economy , but its government ' s response to it might .                                               
In Australia , the market on Monday closed nearly two per cent higher , posting gains for a third straight session , as a strong rise in oil prices lifted markets worldwide .                               
It probably isn ' t ideal that the game is so close [ to the end of the transfer window ] and I know my chairman thinks that .                                       
They only scored once , right at the end of the half , but they must have gone into their dressing room thinking they would win by eight .                                       
The economy isn ' t moving all that well , the outlook is modest at best , and they don ' t want to wait for the long term .                                     
His rallies attract between 3 , 000 and 20 , 000 people each time he appears and are often broadcast on television .                                                   
A shop assistant needs to be present , in the shop , while it is open , to carry out his or her job .                                               
Greece has registered just a quarter of the nearly half a million migrants that passed through the country between July and November en route to Germany and Sweden .                                       
It ' s the first time the stadium has hosted American Football ' s biggest game , which isn ' t all that surprising given that it only opened in 2014 .                                 
" The fundamental priority should always be helping families to get ahead and keeping communities safe ," Mr Abbott said .                                                       
If there was anything he ever wanted to do -- a project or a new business -- he never let doubt get in the way .                                             
Instead , they can leave their savings invested in the market , where the money would have more time to recover .                                                     
Just watching how players move off and on the ball and really getting a feel of what it is like helped me in my game .                                             
The more detail we get of what the government wants , the more convinced I am that our bid is the best .                                                   
Sometimes you have to go through a lot of stuff first of all to come out the other side and I have done that .                                               
What is more , the last time England lost more than one match in a Six Nations season was 2010 .                                                       
" It makes for better entertainment , it makes everybody feel part of the American family , so I think as a whole the industry should do what every other industry should do which is to look for talent , provide opportunity to everybody ," he continued . 
Wednesday was the biggest game of my career so far and it has set up an even bigger one against Celtic .                                                     
Back then , his family survived by eating food they gathered in the forest - but now there was no forest left as it had been cut down .                                       
Right now , approximately half of that , we may be able to work through in the next 10 to 15 years .                                                   
Sanders ' s initiative would almost certainly require something similar , but he says nothing about what will happen to hospitals .                                                     
He has since sought to maintain a relatively low profile in the UK , having also resigned from the board of his father ' s British newspapers .                                         
Air crash investigators expect to remain at the scene of the crash with four people confirmed dead , for up to three days .                                                 
The parliament should take all reasonable measures to protect the health and safety of the public , but there are limits to what you can do .                                           
We cannot be the one country , year after year , that is doing more than any other country ," the country ' s immigration minister tells the BBC .                                     
He said : " What I ' m trying to achieve here is to understand the nature of the refugee crisis that ' s facing the whole of Europe .                                       
There ' s absolutely no ring to be throwing any hat into at the moment and until that time comes I will continue to do my job .                                         
It ' s an amazing feeling . tennis is growing quickly in Canada and to be a big part of that is an honour .                                               
I was on a call last night , I ' ll be on another call tonight , if it ' s necessary for me to get down there , I will .                                 
Now it ' s important for him , it ' s important to feel good , he works hard but every time he ' s on the bench or not on the bench .                             
I don ' t think I necessarily did anything to be taken out of the team but they thought that was the best team to beat Wales and you back that .                                 
Today , therefore , 200 Swedish men gathered to make a statement against the North African ' street children ' who are ranging around the capital ' s central station .                                   
" This is part of our effort to begin looking at the playing field post - Iowa and New Hampshire ," Martin said in a statement .                                           
A third employee ' s child died last year , and he posted pictures of the child on Facebook to keep the child ' s memory alive .                                         
Though she started saving for her own retirement at an early age , she doesn ' t have savings to cover her father ' s care .                                           
I didn ' t know how I would be able to cope , I thought I would have to throw myself off a bridge or something .                                           
Russia and Saudi Arabia both export about 14 percent of their oil to China , according the Energy Information Administration .                                                       
But when she went to have it checked out , doctors said her baby would about to be born after only 25 weeks .                                                 
In her email , sent to parents and other " members of the Wilson High School community ," Martin said she couldn ' t provide more information about the incident , citing the police investigation .                         
That ' s in addition to what she spent to get employees to work by taxi when Metro wasn ' t operating .                                                   
The FA Cup of course [ is up there ] but I ' ve also won the European Cup which was a huge achievement at that time .                                         
He said the next big risk event for the currency was a major US employment report due out early on Saturday morning Australian time .                                               
" It is time that we heard your voice and protected this planet for future generations ," the actor , an environmental activist , said .                                             
The company ' s determination , which was made by its board , runs counter to regulatory findings in Europe and the United States .                                               
The cloud can ' t be seen in visible light , but if it could scientists say it would appear to be 30 times the size of the full moon .                                   
However , continued strong house price growth - particularly in London and the South East - is evidence that the supply of housing is struggling to keep up with demand .                                   
The same ones that helped the school receive a Four Star , " A " rating from the Indiana Department of Education .                                                     
The Prime Minister hopes to secure a final deal with the 27 other European leaders at a summit in Brussels next month , allowing the referendum to be held in June or July .                             
" Senator Sanders has been in Congress for 25 years ," Clinton said at a rally at Simpson College on Thursday .                                                     
For Democrats in particular , South Carolina , in addition to holding the first primary in the South , also will be the first presidential contest in which a large number of African Americans voters will participate .                     
The government and its allies have also turned their focus to the south for the first time since Russia began its air strikes on Sept .                                             
Only one candidate -- Hillary Clinton -- had more than one - third of voters say she would be a " good " or " great " president , and that was by a hair , with just 35 percent having a positive view .       
The usual answers are that 1 ) it ' s either this , or a big - money national primary , and 2 ) it ' s tradition .                                       
The first goal was always going to be important and if we had got the penalty and went 1 - 0 in front it could have been different for us .                                   
If I could prevent injuries then maybe I ' m guilty and I have to stand down but not when I don ' t have that feeling and we were No 1 in the Premier League .                       
The second , which Catholic authorities said they may sell at the same auction , will go on display at the show , which runs from January 30 to February 7 .                                 
The Fed , the U . S . central bank , raised interest rates in December for the first time since June 2006 .                                                 
But the response from inside the paper demonstrated that , even for a determined billionaire and his family , it may not be so easy to gain control of a newspaper .                                 
During the two time periods , an average of 22 percent of high school students who had sex -- 17 percent male and 27 percent female -- and 33 percent of teenagers overall had been tested for HIV .                   
He has been at the Post since 2000 , and previously covered ( in order ) the D . C . police , New England , and the environment .                                     
Instead , the 10 years has ended , and things are not much better than they were a decade ago .                                                       
The result left them five points off the Champions League places and with just two wins in 10 league matches .                                                       
The applications will be presented for consideration at next week ' s league meeting in Houston on Tuesday and Wednesday .                                                       
And councils may simply not be in a position to limit the level of cuts to between three and four per cent .                                                   
I had bought a flight because I was going to see him , but actually I found out during the Raiders game [ on Dec .                                             
When A - list celebrities are in town , this award - winning restaurant is where they want to eat .                                                       
A poll late last year put 41 per cent of the population as now in favour of joining NATO , with 39 per cent against .                                             
He said : " That ' s why we ' re going to be targeting money at people , very often women , who ' ve been stuck at home , sometimes by the men of the house .                     
It ' s rare to have a job that ' s so ... well , it isn ' t a job because I love it so much .                                         
We have had a pretty good season to date and in Europe we are going well and we want to add another win at the weekend because we are determined to make our mark in the Champions Cup this term .               
New England tied the score 10 - 10 , getting a 2 - yard touchdown run from Stephen Jackson on the opening drive of the third quarter .                                         
Much the same thing happened again in August when she left the father of her three other children because they were arguing all the time .                                             
But here - where he is the government - Christie was confident that government could defeat the forces pulling this city down .                                                   
I certainly hope so and speaking on behalf of the boys in the changing room , we all feel we can do that .                                                 
There might only be a 20 percent chance that these would add up to the r - word , but even that is too big to ignore .                                         
But in the end , he used his final pitch to the public to explain to voters his personal views on entering the race , rather than taking an opportunity to appeal to voters in Iowa .                       
This same businessman has impressed me repeatedly with his understanding both of business and the people who help him to make his living .                                                 
The move knocked shares back about 10 percent over two days and they are now trading at around $ 95 , far from their peak of $ 150 in July .                                   
He said he told the man : " You ' ve got to help me get you out , because I don ' t want to have to leave you .                                     
Most of the students at the village ' s small school , who generally number less than a dozen , are the children of air force officials who operate a nearby base .                               
The 22 - year - old has already made 33 appearances for club and country this season , having played in 56 games last term .                                             
Women must cover their hands and face and must not mix with men in public ; Western clothes are banned , so are music and smoking .                                           
Council members , he continued , should be able to view and comment on the reports before the documents are released to the public .                                               
The object can move so fast that for a portion of its journey the human eye doesn ' t really see it .                                                   
It ' s probably been one of the best weeks of my life - from joining the club to getting my Premier League debut .                                               
We had a good first period , especially in this building , and we couldn ' t get out of it .                                                     
He was the type of person that his friends would go , ' That ' s a nice watch ,' and guess what he would do ?                                             
I pushed football away and could see things that I didn ' t see every day when you are in the middle of it all .                                             
" Louisiana ' s primary is going to matter this year ," Cruz said , noting that the voting starts , as it always does , with Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and Nevada .                       
He should have stuck to his original plan ; instead , he made the most of improved forecasts to spend more money .                                                   
I ' ve gone on to represent my country and playing at the Rugby World Cup was a huge honour .                                                       
Research has shown that music therapy can significantly improve the mood and engagement of people with dementia , as well as reducing their use of medication .                                           
The sample included a total of 700 senior technology decision makers in the following countries : U . S , UK , Germany , France , China , Japan and Korea .                                 
" When I moved to Texas , it really was for Ted , and I wasn ' t comfortable with that ," she told The Washington Post in September .                                     
However , his passing also sparked talk that the family might consider selling parts of the business or the entire bank to bigger rivals .                                               
" It is not easy for people to stand up and say that but the truth is that until millions of people who are experiencing what you ' re experiencing do say that we don ' t make change ," Sanders said .           
For a club like Madrid not to have won that after 30 years , I considered that as a huge achievement as well .                                                 
Like all the Republicans running for president , Rubio has long criticized the national security decisions Obama and Clinton have made .                                                     
If , towards the end of the window , we think we can get game time into some of the players who haven ' t had much , then we might consider it .                             
Most women had been born in East or West Africa and more than half were employed and had lived in the U . K . for at least five years .                                   
If girls have occupied all the senior positions at school when you were younger , you simply can ' t imagine why that shouldn ' t go on being the case .                                 
We had little understanding of the environment in Afghanistan before we arrived there and I would hope that is one of the things the Army is getting better at .                                     
I don ' t think where I have played previously and where I am now in my career , that I have reached the top where I should be .                                     
The 25 - year - old man is now in police custody and will appear in court on Friday , police said .                                                   
I had a lady pull over to the side over there , get out of her car , look both ways , run across the street , touch it .                                     
I ' m looking for a striker right now and there is money there for it - however , they have to add value to the club .                                         
Do you still believe , as you wrote , that God is opening doors for your husband to run for president - even after the major shake - up of his staff ?                               
The more stable trend estimate only rose 0 . 3 per cent in December , after lifting 0 . 4 per cent in November and 0 . 5 per cent in October .                               
We hope that we will be able to have a full and fit squad to select from as we now move in to the business part of the season .                                     
The Home Office left open the possibility of a ban when releasing a statement responding to the petition last month - though such a move is considered unlikely .                                       
On Saturday the Syrian government said it was prepared to attend the Geneva talks but wanted to know in advance whether " terrorist groups " would be attending .                                       
" We have a vision of smartphones with different types of form factors , it won ' t always look like this ," she says .                                             
He said : " Our crews are here to respond to the needs of our local communities and provide the highest level of emergency response .                                               
The district has lost more than 2 , 100 teaching positions to cuts during the past seven years and now has just more than 15 , 000 teachers .                                       
They are cheap , but this was also the case nine months ago and look at how far their share prices have fallen since .                                               
It is only beaten by the North East region of England , while the South East is deemed to have the worst drivers in the country .                                           
When I ' m not in Washington , I ' m running for President so that we can have a President who is serious about this stuff , not just these show votes .                             
" By paying them in a combination of stock and cash it allows them to fall below the 60 percent ownership line ," he said .                                             
" Let me tell you , as a former defence secretary , our security does not lie in the European Union ," he said .                                               
" It ' s definitely an honor , but no individual success comes without the help of amazing teammates and coaches ," Robinson said in a statement .                                         
63 per cent of those aged between 18 - 29 want to remain in the EU , while 56 per cent of those aged over 60 want to leave .                                     
His absence may be due to the fact that Mrs Clinton has built a substantial lead in the Democratic primary , and is therefore saving her " secret weapon " for a moment when she is more in need of a boost .           
Here it is very intense , everything is right on top of you but in America the games are obviously intense but people leave you alone a lot more .                                     
" I am going to do what ' s right , not what ' s popular ," he said in the Post interview .                                                 
" There was less around to take you out of the actual environment that your characters were operating in ," he said .                                                   
I wish you all this much luck with the people you meet and the people you know , and the very best in this New Year .                                           
My initial response to the government ' s new rules was that perhaps this increase in the minimum wage could be managed by increasing prices .                                             
" One of their frequently expressed concerns is that giving some students additional chances to learn is " not fair " to the students who passed the first time ," he says .                               
Earlier this week , the C . D . C . urged blood testing for pregnant women who have experienced symptoms during or shortly after travel to a country in which the Zika virus is spreading .                       
The Fort Royal Hotel , where I and many of the film crew stayed , is the only hotel of any size in the area .                                             
" That ' s a bit like asking me which one of my children is my favourite ," he says - and he has two back home in Cardiff , where he lives with his wife and family .                   
" We are still committed to the North Sea and see a long - term future for business there ," the spokesman said .                                                 
Like another study published in 2014 by the same research team , three studies published in 2015 found similar evidence that the drugs themselves did not increase the chances for either disorder .                               
Family is a big part of everyone ' s life , and then to add it to a really busy football schedule , it ' s a lot of give - and - take .                           
I realise that this is very important for a squad that is on the one hand young and talented and on the other hand has experienced players who still want to learn a lot about the game .                     
Over the course of its career , it earned $ 26 , 600 -- almost certainly a poor return on investment .                                                     
It is important to be able to take a step back from it and , when you finish on the practice court , be able to just go away and be with your friends and family , so I am looking forward to it .       
Two of the company ' s co - owners and two employees had disappeared before him , one after the other , beginning last October .                                             
Despite the U . S . belief that Iran was not involved , U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday said he had asked Iran for help in finding them .                           
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry has urged China to end " business as usual " with North Korea after the isolated nation conducted its fourth nuclear test .                                 
" I think it ' s wonderful for our sport to be included in the Olympics and to meet the other athletes must be wonderful ," he added .                                       
At the same time , Sanders has stepped up his attacks on Clinton for taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees from banking and corporate interests in the run - up to her 2016 campaign .                     
" I think the thing we can improve is to put more pressure on the opposition when they have the ball ," he said .                                               
We have tried 4 - 4 - 2 before but it hasn ' t been the right types to play together before .                                                   
Here ' s a short list of stories with political and social meaning that you too may have missed this past week .                                                   
I am already looking forward to the opening ceremony , and to being alongside some of the best athletes in the world .                                                   
But investors have not been pleased with the company ' s performance , sending its stock down 37 percent since he took the top job .                                             
At one point you ' ve got a 14 - game winning streak and people doubt you , then you lose one game and people doubt you even more .                                     
" We will raise taxes ," the Vermont Senator told a crowd at the CNN Democratic town hall this week .                                                       
It ' s nice to get off to a good start to 2016 and hopefully I can continue that through tomorrow and have a good finish .                                           
I think it ' s one of the things we would expect the review to take a good look at .                                                       
I knew I wouldn ' t play for a year and , at best , I ' d be sitting on the bench .                                                 
The talks were meant to start in Geneva on Monday but the United Nations has pushed them back to Friday to allow more time to resolve problems including a dispute over which groups should be invited to negotiate with the government .             
We are trying everything to come to a solution but at the end it always comes down to we are better than the opponents .                                               
Such objects spend so much of their time so far away that only a few are visible during our lifetime .                                                       
In addition , revenue declined to € 6 . 6 billion in the quarter , from € 7 . 8 billion a year earlier , because of " challenging market conditions ," the bank said , without giving further details .               
The start of the match certainly didn ' t give any indication of developing into a classic , but the Swiss tried his best to make it one .                                       
" I will not campaign for , vote for or support any candidate , even in my own party , who does not support common - sense gun reform ," he wrote .                               
The first flight of the plane , which is filled with test equipment , was expected to last about 2 1 / 2 hours .                                               
Your friend , the economist , didn ' t ask you what you thought a fair price for the beer would be , but how much you ' d be willing to spend on it at most .                     
Though he escaped , security forces were able to capture seven of his men , and those arrests led to more intelligence about his movements .                                             
Those things don ' t come along too often , so you ' re best to take advantage of them .                                                       
I didn ' t want to go somewhere else where I might not be accepted as much so it is good to get it over the line .                                         
When I was told that there had been an unexpected development and that human remains had been found I actually thought there was going to be a murder investigation until the evidence suggested they were thousands of years old .                 
My agent got in touch with the club and I came over on trial at the end of last season and they invited me back for this year .                                       
Such questions have been especially prominent in Germany this month following attacks on women in German cities on New Year ' s Eve believed to have been carried out by asylum seekers or migrants .                           
Despite the fact that the attacks occurred in the center of Germany ' s fourth - largest city , it took days for the news to surface in the national media .                                 
The sun in your birth sign promises wonderful things and all you have to do is sit back and let it happen .                                                   
That is where I want to be playing my best tennis , and this week has been the perfect preparation for that .                                                   
The first warning of a possible New Year attack in the city came from US intelligence several days ago , according to German press reports .                                             
If they felt unable to act for lack of hard evidence , it was because they chose not to seek it out .                                                   
I was aware it wasn ' t going to last long , so sometimes you do it because you have the opportunity .                                                   
Since it was introduced in May 2015 , there have been more than 3 , 200 orders for the solution .                                                       
There ' s no doubt in my mind that our guys put the time and effort in to have the team ready to go .                                               
I can ' t see them changing much in a week to be able to put up with what we are going to bring .                                               
Earlier Thursday , newly released emails about the crisis indicated that top officials looked to shift blame away from the state and a growing concern with the public image of the situation .                               
Their challenge is that they cost a lot - far more than the average person has , even a relatively well - off person .                                               
We need the players of course , and see who is coming back which is easier in some cases than others .                                                     
I can ' t confirm any of that but , you know , he ' s smart [ and ] he ' s happy .                                               
Four people were killed and several injured in the shooting on Friday in Canada ' s worst school violence in years .                                                     
If selected chairman , Evans has said , he will seek to be the public face of a campaign to press the federal government to give Metro more money .                                     
But what might it mean if the language of campaigning - which is also the language of political participation - comes to seem almost entirely empty ?                                           
One Iranian airline official , who asked not to be identified , said he had obtained a Western - built engine weeks after it left the factory by passing it through three countries .                             
" The whole obesity thing is a big challenge , we need to get the message out there that if you are going to have a baby , you need to be a healthy weight before you start getting pregnant ," she said .         
With a full lifting of sanctions on aircraft sales , analysts estimate that Iran ' s commercial fleet could expand rapidly to around 400 or 500 jets over the next five years , from around 150 planes today .                   
While the views are what you come here for , it ' s the way they ' ve opened up the ground floor that works particularly well .                                         
It ' s their job to work on the financial part , I don ' t get involved with that .                                                       
The armed groups - three of the largest of which are listed below - have a complex relationship with the Iraqi state .                                                   
But , at the same time , I still think it ' s going to be very difficult to have a year like last year .                                             
She is tough because she has done nothing wrong in relation to the case ," he said earlier this month .                                                       
Boston used the Thomas - led 8 - 0 run to take a five - point lead that grew to eight in the quarter and the advantage reached double figures in the first three minutes of the second .                   
However concerns have been raised that accepting children who are in Europe could act as a " pull factor " for more migrants to come to Europe and break up families .                                 
But it said it would still require the man who was released to appear before a judge and limit his activities .                                                     
British Prime Minister David Cameron ' s Conservative party on May 8 won a majority in the House of Commons in the general election , results showed .                                         
The British public will vote on the future of its EU membership in a referendum that will be held before the end of 2017 .                                               
The U . S . State Department , in a statement , said it was aware of reports that a U . S . citizen had been detained in North Korea but gave no further details , citing privacy concerns .               
At the last minute I saw I was landing on the river , so we will stay up here until the rain belt goes through .                                             
He is expected to encourage UK business leaders to make the case for an In vote in the upcoming EU referendum .                                                     
Mr Wilson said the company would focus on its core business and make a number of one - off investments .                                                       
They ' ve won four of the past five All - Star games , and that trend should continue this season .                                                     
It ' s something that you want to make good again but you will always have moments like that in a football career , as a player and as a manager .                                 
But the risk to human health in this case is considered " very low ," according to Health Protection Scotland .                                                       
Both Russia , the Syrian government ' s most powerful ally , and the United States have been carrying out airstrikes that they say are aimed at Islamic State militants .                                   
" I am not interested in ideas that sound good on paper but will never make it in real life ," Clinton said .                                                 
" I feel like it ' s my duty to protect my family because at times the family seems so weak ," Charlotte explains .                                               
The opposition , which won a majority last year in the Assembly for the first time in 16 years , won on promises to solve the country ' s economic problems .                                 
The first reaction is to drop your head or try and get out of the way , so credit to him for the work he puts in in practice .                                     
To run in any Iranian election , a candidate must first be approved by a 12 - member committee called the Guardian Council .                                                 
But you ' ll keep coming here every year or so after your marriage and keep making us earn more and more !                                                   
The women aren ' t used to covering up like this , but they are threatened with violence if they do not .                                                   
Before you buy , ask yourself : can you travel around , is there local healthcare and education , like a university ?                                                   
With 10 , 000 pages a year , at a general pace of 25 / day , what can we get done ?                                                   
Mr Cameron said : " If you ' re black , you ' re more likely to be in a prison cell than studying at a top university .                                         
But what I can say is that it ' s important we follow the rules and that people are safe when they come to football matches .                                           
But as everyone knows , nothing is for ever and little more than 10 years later , it had risen to nearly $ 150 .                                               
The Prime Minister ' s comments came after the leader of the campaign for the UK to remain in the EU pushed for a referendum as soon as possible after a deal is reached , following speculation a vote could be held as early as June .   
She told The Telegraph police have allowed her to see up - to - date photographs of her relative ' s killer - in case she is approached by him .                                   
Yet such a positive statement does indeed need to be made , given the nature of current British public debate about such firms .                                                 
2000 and 2016 , respectively , you can see that unemployment now is back where we started eight years ago .                                                       
In Wales there was a 79 per cent drop in the number of plastic bags taken in the first three years following the charge coming into effect in 2011 .                                     
It is an important day for me , it ' s an emotional day , even more emotional than the day I signed as a player for the club .                                     
President Obama spent Thursday evening defending the executive actions on gun control he announced earlier this week during a town hall discussion on CNN .                                               
It fell to $ 1 . 4 billion after Square , an online payment application , went public two months later .                                                     
I can handle it now because I have the experience from the past and , if I get back to world No 1 again , then fair enough .                                       
The Syrian government offensive has given Assad a stronger hand going into peace talks with the opposition that are planned for next week in Switzerland .                                             
We know we have some very loyal customers , many of whom have good memories of times had in the bar , and it ' s important to retain that connection .                                 
This situation is unlikely to change in the short term and there is every possibility that real earning increases could fall back into the negative this year .                                         
I am so tired of my colleagues out here on the stage spending all their time talking about Barack Obama .                                                       
If you ' re travelling for any purpose other than tourism , you should apply for a visa before travelling , or purchase a visa on arrival that can be extended once only .                             
In three of the past 15 years , when oil revenues were high , Scotland paid more than it got out .                                                     
If they do fantastic , if they do not then I will just carry on as normal and support the guys .                                                     
Trump was on the ground , and everyone wanted to know whether he would change his mind at the last minute and head to the Fox debate anyway .                                       
Even when he was standing in the cold or the rain or the heat to cover an opening night , he still had that huge smile on his face .                                     
The local lawyers are now faced with trying to wind up the estate using the English procedures which are very different from those in France and other European countries .                                     
For decades , he ' s been such a huge part of the BBC on television and radio and leaves so many wonderful memories .                                               
The young man was shot eight times and the entire incident was captured on video from smartphones and security cameras inside the vehicle .                                                 
But according to the latest figures , stocks have declined by more than 80 per cent over the past 40 years - to the lowest levels in history .                                       
No attacks took place and no arrests were made overnight , but law enforcement will continue to be out in full force in the city .                                             
Both organizations are fighting against Saudi Arabia , which has declared them terrorist groups and locked up thousands of their supporters .                                                     
Italy is the last major country in Western Europe that has not offered rights or recognition to same - sex couples and has been criticized regularly by the European Court of Justice for failing to act .                       
People want to live a downtown lifestyle and we ' re showing that doesn ' t necessarily have to mean living in Toronto .                                                 
She worked in a nice office environment then suddenly it ' s a pregnant environment that she ' s not a part of - all of a sudden she ' s out of the club .                         
" This legislation would cost millions of hard - working middle class Americans the security of affordable health coverage they deserve ," the statement read .                                             
They ' ve been up and down and up and down and just to pull it through at the end there , I can ' t describe it .                                       
" James " deep knowledge of the international media industry and his passion for supporting Sky ' s ongoing success will make an even greater contribution to our business in the future .                               
I ' ve had people that come close to you all the time and there ' s just no need for it .                                                   
I was actually pretty pleased to turn in a top five with what I felt like was disappointing with my short game .                                                   
After being cleared , the 26 - year - old is now free to return to action for both club and country , if required , given that he could yet feature in Scotland ' s Six Nations campaign despite missing initial selection .         
" Six months ago we were building hotels , and now he is winning the presidency ," said Eric Trump , 32 .                                                   
At a CNN town hall meeting , Sanders argued that his own judgment , not Clinton ' s experience , is the most crucial quality for the next commander - in - chief .                             
I used to go out on my bike before visiting her , so it seem obvious to link the two together .                                                     
Apple is also widely believed to be working on an electric car , an area that could represent a brand new source of revenue , although the company has not confirmed this .                               
He is not known to security services and did not offer resistance when he was arrested , French media reported .                                                       
" I miss the outside a lot because there is nothing to do here - no TV , not even cards to play with ," he said .                                         
All these gun rights proposals have a much better chance of making it into law than the gun control legislation .                                                       
On the other hand , if things are looking up , the people at those financial institutions will buy the stock , and the price will rise .                                         
I will put all the heart I have into the job for this club and try to make sure things work out well .                                                 
That ' s left energy companies with less capital to invest , though U . S . production figures have yet to reflect the pressure from lower crude oil prices .                                   
Iran also backs the government of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad in his country ' s civil war while Saudi Arabia insists he must go for any legitimate peace process to take place .                           
I suspect one of the reasons the public don ' t warm to Mr Cameron is they suspect he isn ' t genuine .                                                 
In February last year , North Korea ' s ambassador to the U . N . said his country was not concerned about the threat because it was not guilty of any crime .                             
Police were questioning friends of Miller , when he came out to see what was going on , police said .                                                       
The United States and Russia , though they have invested heavily in getting those meetings off the ground , remain at odds over Mr . Assad , a key ally of Russia in the region .                         
As a result , in the first quarter the group will spend less than half the total amount it spent during the same period last year .                                           
He ' s also been criticized for failing to commit to Twitter full time , choosing instead to split his days between it and payments company Square .                                         
The region shut down Friday as the winter storm of potentially history - making magnitude swept in with the prospect of lasting 36 hours and leaving more than two feet of snow in some places .                         
One of the best things about self - employment is the ability to split income with family members by paying them for work they perform in your business .                                       
And a lot of 14 - or 15 - year - old girls think that it ' s either one or the other .                                                 
The Company recorded record revenue for the 2015 fourth quarter of $ 51 . 8 million , a $ 12 . 3 million or 31 % increase over 2014 fourth quarter revenue of $ 39 . 6 million .                   
Now something like that , as people know , is going to be a 12 - month - plus time frame ," he said .                                               
And like Madrid in 2004 , London in 2005 and Paris in 2015 to name but three major cities that have suffered major terrorist attacks in recent , life will go on and tourists slowly return .                       
" I would very much like to have a conversation about gun violence , as President Obama has said he wants to have ," said Florida Senator Marco Rubio .                                     
" I didn ' t go with the intention of being arrested , but when I saw the destruction , I had to take a stand ," he said after his release .                               
We work very hard to identify the players who are fresh and those who will play in the next few games .                                                     
To get the remaining relief , you should include contributions on a self - assessment tax return at the end of the financial year .                                               
It ' s a social arts venue , with a great little playing area and probably enough room for around 120 people .                                                   
The statistics show a 6 per cent decline in bed days on the previous month but a 5 per cent rise since June .                                                 
That ' s a great asset to have in your first job , because you can affect everything on the pitch .                                                     
We ' ve hit a bit of a rough stretch here in the last three weeks , and it ' s going to be a big test for us , to see what we have as a group to get out of it .         
" It ' s really great because obviously that song is mainly about the fans and what they ' ve done ; I think it was important that they were a part of it , to close the album ," he said .           
What we tried to do was to get some additional information that the police could actually use to try and find a suspect .                                                 
So , we thought we could bring that experience together and when we did people really liked it ," he said .                                                     
We have to look at how this situation was created - where the Iraqi forces on the ground weren ' t able to hold that ground , to making sure that training is done well .                         
Even so , using apps to buy and sell stocks over mobile phones is common in a country where retail investors account for 80 percent of share market volume .                                     
The German government wants the number of migrants coming to the country to fall " significantly " after almost 1 . 1 million asylum seekers arrived last year .                                       
" Without ( doing ) the survey or something , we can ' t say the number exactly ," he said .                                                     
The new deadline comes after the first four primary states will have voted in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination .                                                     
The dog days - after the All - Star Game , before the All - Star Game - all that is part of the process we ' ve got to fight through .                               
The stock market goes up and down and if you give it a five - year period you will always be up .                                                   
Seattle police said they think the shooting was ' very targeted ' and was a personal dispute between people who knew each other .                                                 
" China had a particular approach that it wanted to make , that we agreed and respected to give them space to implement that ," Kerry told reporters after the phone call .                               
The bottom 15 percent of Americans have so much negative net worth that it takes many more Americans - approximately the bottom 40 percent - until any overall positive net worth is recorded .                             
But while the majority of cities are in Latin America , cities in developed countries such as US also made the list with Baltimore , Detroit , St Louis and New Orleans featuring .                             
Your mind is a powerful tool , so think positive thoughts and positive things will happen more often than not .                                                       
Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are neck and neck in both Iowa and New Hampshire , a new poll has found .                                                   
On Thursday , the agencies released a video of the low pressure system as it moves closer to the East Coast .                                                     
But when you ' re letting out property a lot of people who are staying there for just six months or a year , they ' re not particularly worried about that .                               
He believes the true number of HIV - positive Russians might be closer to the 1 . 5 million mark - about one per cent of the population .                                       
Last year , a city panel recommended a minimum wage hike to $ 15 per hour for New York City fast food employees .                                                 
We have that in the dressing room as well so I ' m sure it won ' t be a problem .                                                     
Instead , he ' s focused on his law - and - order past as a federal prosecutor and his current work as a governor .                                             
For me it ' s interesting how I take care of Manchester United and after this season I still have one year to go .                                               
But the First Minister said : " We can only drive rapid and significant improvement if we can understand whether what we are doing is working .                                             
The actions would be supported by an " overwhelming majority of the American people , including gun owners ," he said Monday .                                                   
Of course , it ' s not always that easy , especially for people dealing with other types of identity theft .                                                     
If a decision is not reached , the next board meeting is in mid - February , ahead of the bank ' s full - year results on February 22 .                                   
We have been happy with the way he has been improving but we feel that other players are perhaps playing better than he is at the moment .                                         
If any new measures and innovative ideas bring about an increase in the quality of challenge then I ' ll always support it .                                                 
Iran meanwhile faces warnings that Western banks may hold off from backing aircraft and other deals until rules are clear .                                                       
" When you see it on television it ' s one thing , when you actually walk through a building and witness the damage it ' s quite different ," he says .                               
Marco Rubio is in a not - close third place , at 13 percent , and Ben Carson continues to slip lower .                                                   
We are aware a number of other schools in other states and countries have received similar phone calls over in the past 24 hours .                                               
It proved to be his last game for United as , two days later , his pre - contract agreement with Celtic was brought forward to a deadline day £ 250 , 000 move to the Scottish champions .                   
For Trump , 56 % of Republican voters say he would make a good or great president , while 22 % say he would be poor or terrible and 18 % say he would be just an average president .                 
You want to make a name for yourself and what happens over the next few months will point out ways you can do that .                                               
Yes , he talks about making good deals , but it ' s not really about compromise for him ; it ' s about winning and getting the best deals .                                   
He told me it ' s a short career and you can be out the door as quickly as you come in .                                                   
80 % of our board members are developers and / or from UK owned businesses , and 50 % of our board are UK business owners themselves .                                         
There ' s one simple rule that presidential candidates from both major parties tend to follow : Don ' t suggest raising taxes , especially on the middle class .                                     
That means that for every dollar of new investment enjoyed by the average American worker , the average Canadian worker got about 69 cents .                                               
Most analysts expect crude oil prices will recover by the end of the year as cuts in capital spending eat into an excess in supply .                                             
I could still feel the strength of her hand trying to go for me , so I hit her straight away a third time .                                               
I like watching long forms myself on TV too , finding a great series and knowing there are 20 hours ahead to spend with these people .                                           
However , Cameron has said in the past he doesn ' t believe Trump should be banned from the country .                                                       
I don ' t want to just make a signing , I want to make a signing that will not only do now but in the longer term .                                       
The Treasury ' s consultation document , published in December , is unclear about people who buy a home in Britain when they also own property overseas .                                         
On Friday , Belgian authorities said they were concerned about the possibility of new attacks in their country to mark the anniversary of the Jan .                                             
Although supporters say open carry laws improve public safety , others fear for a country where guns are viewed as a common feature of everyday life and which only ever seems to be a few days away from the next mass shooting .           
She claimed he then asked her to go inside because he needed water and took off his clothes in her bedroom .                                                     
The company reported revenue of $ 18 . 37 billion from Greater China , accounting for 24 . 2 percent of total revenue .                                                 
After many years of robust growth , signs that it has started to slow have sent stocks there down 20 percent .                                                     
In order to protect it as a Warriors " home " game it has been decided that there will be no general public sale , with only a limited number of tickets potentially released today and made available to Glasgow fans first .           
He ' s been able to bring in five players during this transfer window , which is something there ' s no way we could do .                                           
[ We will ] just confirm through tests that it could fly again and then put it somewhere to display .                                                       
It noted the " hours of hard work " to clear the spot , welcomed anyone to park in it during the day .                                                 
Boston , up 27 - 25 late in the first quarter , went on a 24 - 8 run to take a 51 - 33 lead with 6 : 33 left in the half .                           
That ' s all you can do as a player : stick on the shirt every week and play as well as you can and try to get in the squad .                                 
I really appreciate the leadership and vision shown by Scottish Rugby in this exciting initiative and the support they have shown to London Scottish .                                               
She had insisted that the city test her water and , after she got a doctor ' s letter , it did .                                                   
I have to go out there with nothing to lose and play the tennis I ' ve been playing in the last month .                                                 
The team to have scored the most tries in that period , England , with 44 , came second every time .                                                     
In addition to Washington , 12 - 18 inches of snow was predicted for Philadelphia and eight to 12 inches was expected in New York .                                             
When looking at the rate of growth , Florida placed fifth overall during those years at 19 . 8 percent gain .                                                     
It ' s unlikely to go ahead with the increase , but its move has encouraged other councils to become more vocal .                                                   
The changes , based on a report by a former justice minister , are to be presented to the cabinet in March .                                                   
" China had a particular approach that it wanted to make , that we agreed and respected to give them space to implement that ," Kerry told reporters .                                       
It really is , because if ( politicians ) get on a roll or think they ' re on a roll , then they ' re going to find some other way .                               
But there ' s a big pocket of GOP voters in the town that the Bush team has been working hard for months .                                                 
The issue had little or no connection to Clinton ' s diplomatic role at the time - but would be of keen interest to a once and future Democratic presidential candidate .                                 
" We want to make it a family affair and have the kids running in and out of set ," the actor said at the movie ' s premiere .                                     
An average of 2 . 36 million viewers were watching at any given time , according to data released by Yahoo and the NFL .                                               
Many of those turned back on Friday had apparently been rushing to reach Turkey before the new visa rules took effect .                                                     
The critics may say you ' ve been lucky , and maybe you have , but luck is only part of the story - you do in fact deserve your success .                                 
That sounds like a great idea for someone who gets run into with the equivalent force of a car crash five or 10 times a week .                                           
You can stay in games , but to win them you ' ve got to play a certain way , you ' ve got to buy in and we ' ve got to play as a team .                     
The arts are also less of a priority in the UK education system compared with Italy and Germany , it found .                                                     
I go into the Indian Premier League auction next month and I am hopeful my good form will land me a deal to once again return to India .                                       
And that ' s the worst - case scenario for a mayor who now , more than ever , needs to earn his people ' s trust to try to lead his city out of this crisis -- and keep his job .           
I ' m looking at it myself because we ' ve got two players involved in it and I know the lawyers for the other 32 players are investigating it .                                   
Last week the country ' s most senior doctor pleaded with families to do more to look after elderly relatives and neighbours to " help prevent a crisis " in A & E .                             
" Because I get too many letters from parents , and teachers , and kids , to sit around and do nothing ," Obama continued .                                             
St . John ' s ( 7 - 9 , 0 - 3 ) lost its sixth straight because it shot 33 . 8 percent ( 23 - for - 68 ) from the field .                         
I ' ve just watched one of his games this week when he is competing hard to win ball and you don ' t see many tens do that .                                     
The security situation prompted President Barack Obama to announce in October that the United States would maintain a force of about 9 , 800 troops in Afghanistan through most of 2016 instead of drawing down to an embassy - based presence by 2017 .         
Mr . Cameron promised during last year ' s election campaign that he would hold an in - or - out referendum by 2017 at the latest .                                         
This comes just as the Federal Reserve has begun to remove its support of the U . S . economy , allowing interest rates to rise for the first time in years .                               
Though he didn ' t say their names , it was clear what he meant : the era of politics dominated by people named Clinton and Bush .                                         
Two suspects were arrested outside the main station and briefly held in connection with the attacks on Friday but later released for lack of evidence .                                             
And next year is going to be even more the possibility that these clubs can buy these players to close the gap .                                                   
For me it was a fantastic experience to be part of Celtic , even if it was just those five days .                                                     
The officers said they fired at him , striking him three times , after he opened fire on them , even though investigators found no gun in his car , the lawsuit stated .                             
The worst thing I ' ve ever done is buy a house to move into before I ' d sold the one before .                                                 
So there you have it - if these people are to be believed , a frozen fish can be brought back to life just like that .                                           
There has never been a show on Spanish - language radio with this much social muscle combined with on - the - ground presence .                                               
It was a good day for him and all the boys and I ' m sure they will enjoy going back to work tomorrow !                                               
" It won ' t take much for our supporters to understand why we ' re doing this ," Paul said .                                                     
You want to build the facilities where the athletes could train and feel at home right next to where they were living during their time .                                             
If he has done it or if he is innocent we just need to know and be clear about what has really happened .                                                 
And , in at least one case , the emails appear to involve information from a published news article ," he said .                                                   
So we sent out messages two and sometimes three times a week , and we noticed that every time we did that , we got about 2 percent of the workforce responding .                               
The Fed raised its benchmark overnight interest rate in December by 25 basis points to between 0 . 25 percent and 0 . 50 percent , the first hike in almost a decade .                             
It took me less than 30 seconds online to get an estimate from Uber on how much a ride from my home to Reagan National Airport would cost .                                       
I ' m proud of the effort we all put in to prepare each game as if it were our last .                                                     
" We did the captain ' s run on the Friday and the pitch was a normal - sized pitch ," Jones said .                                                 
This involved more than 60 representatives from 50 groups and struck a balance that protected residents from noise pollution and supported the airport ' s expansion .                                           
The reality , acknowledged by sources who worked in senior roles on his recent campaign , is that there are few people very invested in having him stick around .                                     
You have to be aware how much you ' re spending every month , but for me that took time .                                                       
Once the dust has settled , I ' m convinced that the European share of winners will be pretty decent .                                                       
We have to run the ball better than we did today if we want to stay in this tournament for any length of time .